            BUSH'S "COALITION" TOPS 40 COUNTRIES  Take a look at the   growing list of backers  behind  Gulf War II: This Time We're Serious .  Everybody knows the U.S.'s war against Iraq was primarily a unilateral choice.  While efforts were made to bring in other allies, President Bush has only one major supporter in this war: Tony Blair.  The British public dislike the war, as do the publics of a number of other states supporting the U.S. but less able to contribute much to the war.  The support of Spain, Portugal, Italy and Australia seems premised on the fact that these countries all have like-minded Conservative governments, not any listening to public opinion.  As many have said, Eastern European support is based on the liberation of those countries which can at least in part be attributed to the United States' Cold War stance.  While some allies have offered support, Only Britain and Australia have offered combat troops.  Though some of the other countries on the list are strategic and important, most are names on a list rather than anybody worth signing up for this fight.  Eritrea: strategically important.  Marshall Islands: not so much.  Why don't we just look at the list:   Afghanistan  Why would Afghanistan  not  sign up?  Its new government was installed by the U.S. and requires U.S. support. Afghanistan is also important for the war on terror.  Angola  Though not geo-strategic, Angola is currently a member of the UN Security Council.  Albania  Muslim population.  U.S. saved Albanians from Serbs in Kosovo.  I have no idea what they can contribute besides one more Muslim country on the U.S.'s tally sheet.  Australia  Strong support, including Special Forces troops.  Pretty good for a country with a smaller population than New York state.  Azerbaijan  Another Muslim country.  It's interesting that they're on the U.S. team now, not longtime enemy Armenia (which from what I've heard looks to Russia for all the answers).  Armenians seemed to have the upper hand in the U.S. for a long time.  I wonder if that will change at all now.  What can they contribute?  Little or nothing as far as I know.  Bulgaria  Eastern Europe, that debt-to-the-United-States-for-sticking out-the-Cold-War thing.  Colombia  Colombia wants the U.S. to remember it when this war is done.  The Colombians are trying to fight a war on terror much different from that in the Middle East, but need American help, especially because President Uribe wants to escalate the war in an attempt to finally kill the FARC and ELN.  Czech Republic  Eastern Europe, liberation, debt to U.S., yadi yadi yadda.  I think they have some chemical weapons experts.  Denmark  Peripheral EU country.  Some of these support the U.S. in the war.  Maybe it's just sticking with NATO, maybe its sticking it to the big naysayers, the central EU countries, Germany and France.  A representative from Danish forces was on the podium with Tommy Franks in a CENTCOM briefing on Saturday  Dominican Republic  Ummm, yeah.  Trying to get in good with the U.S., with whom they fight drugs and to whom they export immigrants and baseball players.  El Salvador  I have no clue what El Salvador has to offer.  Eritrea  Strategic ports in the Middle East, especially as an alternative to tribal, hostile Yemen.  Estonia  Eastern Europe.  Same as the other Eastern Europeans.  Ethiopia  Somewhat Middle Eastern.  May be useful, how I'm not sure.  Georgia  Relevant to war on terror, not so relevant to fighting Iraq.  Honduras  Same as El Salvador.  Nothing to offer.  Hungary  Eastern European reasons for support apply.  Iceland  NATO, between Britain and the U.S.  Not sure what they can offer in a war on a decidedly non-icy place.  Perhaps attractive women for the troops?  Italy  Important country, good to have along, but Berlusconi seems to be going in a very different direction than his populace, with is Anti-Bush and Anti-War.  Japan  Important to have along, though I doubt they'll be as willing to act as the international ATM like they did after  Gulf War I: Let's Leave Saddam in Power .  Kuwait  Well, duh.  You exist because of the U.S.  Latvia  Eastern Europe.  Lithuania  Eastern Europe.  Macedonia  Eastern Europe.  But I'm a bit surprised, many Macedonians aren't fans of the Albanians the Americans saved in Kosovo who came to screw up their country.  Marshall Islands  Good vacation spot after the war is over  Micronesia  Ditto, good vacation spot.  Maybe if Diego Garcia or Guantanamo get full of terrorists we can put them on  these  islands.  Mongolia  I guess they must like the U.S., I really have no clue.  All I know is that one of the diplomats who resigned angry at U.S. Iraq policy was stationed here.  Apparently the locals were less angry about American policy than those in the U.S. Foreign Service.  Netherlands  I'm not sure what they're contributing, but a representative from Dutch forces was on the podium with Tommy Franks in a CENTCOM briefing on Saturday.  Nicaragua  I have no clue what Nicaragua has to offer.  Philippines  Good ally for war on terror, maybe they just signed up for this to keep American goodwill for the terror fight.  Poland  Strong American ally in Eastern Europe, has some noncombat troops in theater.  Portugal  Supportive, had Azores summit, but little to contribute in way of forces.  Romania  Eastern Europe.  Same justifications, plus "we want to be in NATO!"  Rwanda  I don't get this.  The U.S. didn't save us back when we butchered each other, now it's taking out Saddam because it seems the right thing to do.  Maybe Rwanda's government needs Western support to hold off civil war.  Maybe they want the U.S. to help in case they have problems again.  Singapore  Maybe Singapore is expressing solidarity with the U.S. war on terrorism by saying it supports the U.S. in this.  Singapore has been fighting terrorism with the U.S.  Slovakia  Eastern Europe.  Solomon Islands  Middle of nowhere, just looking for the U.S. to be its friend, probably.  South Korea  Maybe South Korea is trying to make nice with the U.S. so that the U.S. will discuss North Korea policy and not act rashly regarding Kim Jong Il after Iraq is done and that becomes the last remaining axis of evil the U.S. will deal with militarily.  Spain    Ally, but no troops for the fighting.  Turkey  What a bad ally.  Overflight rights, that's it.  And in tacit exchange they want the right to occupy Kurdistan in Northern Iraq, possibly more than temporarily.  The U.S. should never let that tacit deal be made.  Uganda  I am clueless.  United Kingdom  THE ALLY.  Now if its people would just go along.  United States  The U.S. is tallying itself in its coalition?  How lame.  Uzbekistan  Part of the war on terror, new U.S. "ally" in Central Asia.  And let's not forget the "secret supporters," ahem, (Saudi Arabia, Jordan) who can't give that much because of their public's hatred of this war.