            IS SADDAM'S FORMER MISTRESS RIGHT OR WRONG?  One of the big stories of yesterday was the early morning broadcast from Iraq by the man on the right side of the picture above.  The content didn't matter, it was just more of the same "Jihad" against the Americans, "Allahu Akbar" (from a Baathist) and "Long Live Palestine," bunk.  What everyone wanted to know is whether the defiant speaker was actually Saddam.  Saddam,   who is known to work hard to maintain his youthful, vigorous appearance , was old, haggard, bejowled and bespectacled in the video, and many wondered if it wasn't just one of his body doubles giving the rant.  This speculation implied another -  was Saddam killed in the bombing that started the war?   Donald Rumsfeld and other officials said   there was debate over whether that was the case , and several articles laid out the technical means, such as digital image enhancement of the picture, voice analysis and measurement of facial features, by which experts tried to determine whether the video was legit.  But that wasn't all.    The U.S. government also had the video checked out by Parisoula Lampsos , who claims to have been one of Saddam's many mistresses and has passed a polygraph examination to that effect.  She has successfully distinguished Saddam from doubles a number of times in the past and said  this wasn't him.   The analysts seem to be leaning the other way.  So who do you trust, technical experts or a woman who was the guy's mistress on and off for thirty years?  Despite my natural inclination to trust science, I bet (and hope) Parisoula Lampsos is right.   UPDATE: My bet was wrong.  CIA analysts have determined that   the voice on the tape is Saddam's .  I think Lampsos is just not used to seeing Saddam looking so poorly off.  Though persistent stories say Saddam and his sons were in the bombed palace (and   this article  even cites sources saying Saddam was hauled out on a gurney), that is probably not the reason Saddam seemed out of sorts.  He was probably just tired that early in the morning and didn't have time to have his flunkies give him a script in big enough print to read without his glasses (which he tries to avoid being seen wearing).  And then there's the constant Hollywood complant: bad lighting.  The Thursday video wasn't lit so as to hide Saddam's wrinkles like his normal video recordings probably are.  If Saddam were dead, I doubt Iraq would be able to keep it secret for long.