            SARS: IT'S NOT YOUR FATHER'S PARAMYXOVIRIDAE-FAMILY VIRUS  A frightening new virus is believed to have spread from China's Guangdong province to Hong Kong, Vietnam, Singapore, other parts of Asia, and Asian visitors from Europe and North America, causing pneumonia in hundreds and killing approximately 14 people.  Guangdong province has been a source of strange viruses, likely because humans are encroaching on places where animals live there more than in other areas.    The virus has been identified as a previously unknown member of the paramyxoviridae family , which includes ordinary childhood diseases like measles.  The new disease, known as "SARS" (for severe acute respiratory syndrome), is most frightening because of the way it has spread to health care workers involved in treatment of patients with the disease.  Medical experts have said that SARS is not as contagious as most forms of influenza, but that hasn't deterred people in China from going out and buying any kind of medicine they think might help.  Here, based on my reading of numerous news articles, I have set out my not-so-foolproof criteria for figuring out whether you have SARS:   Have you been to an affected area?   Do you live in or have you visited Guangdong Province, China? Do you live in or have you visited the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, China? Do you live in or have you visited Vietnam? Do you live in or have you visited Singapore?   Have you been away from the affected area for the last 3-7 days without developing symptoms?   Do you have a high fever? Do you have a headache, sore throat, or other flu-like symptoms? Have you developed a dry cough, pneumonia, shortness of breath or other breathing difficulties? Are you currently in respiratory failure?   Have you been in contact with a victim of SARS?   Are you a doctor? Are you are a health care worker? Are you an ambulance driver?  Congratulations if you have SARS.  Hopefully your local hospital will be able to treat you with the required course of antiviral drugs and steroids and this will be successful - it isn't always.  Hopefully the hospital will also have breathing tubes to treat you if you are one of those 7% of patients who needs them.  If not, good luck with that respiratory failure thing!