             COLIN AND CONDI  All right, so everybody knows the   Bush White House  is supposed to be good at spin control and keeping its people on-message.  So why is it that, after President Bush   came out against affirmative action  and filed   briefs  supporting the white guys in the University of   Michigan affirmative action cases ,   Condoleezza Rice  and   Colin Powell  have come out in support of affirmative action programs?   As Linda Greenhouse in the New York Times has   commented , (though   Mickey Kaus  disagrees), the Administration's legal arguments are not as strident as Bush's higher profile announcement of his anti-affirmative action position.  I think the statements of Colin and Condi are part of an Administration strategy - on the one hand, denounce affirmative action strongly, in a way that will reach American conservatives.  On the other hand, the Administration is trying to mollify those suburban housewives out there who don't want to be associated with a cryptoracist political party, so the Administration makes sure its African-American Cabinet members come out to say the Administration isn't  really  against  all forms  of affirmative action. Of course, I could be reading too much into this; real dissent is a possibility.  But I think it would be more plausible for both of them to come out within a day of each other like this in order to show the Administration isn't  that bad .  UPDATE  In an additional step to limit the harm of coming out against affirmative action, the Bush Administration made a late Sunday announcement that it would propose funding increases for Historically Black Colleges and "Hispanic-serving" universities.  All these steps make me wonder - is the Administration worried about the impact of coming out against affirmative action during the week of Martin Luther King's birthday?  UPDATE II  David Firestone of the New York Times has   looked at  Rice and Powell's positions and noticed that Rice, though she admits to having benefited from affirmative action and is not against racial diversity, opposes the University Michigan affirmative action plan.  He contrasts that with Powell, who favors the Michigan design.  I think Rice's position reflects that she is a true conservative, though her experiences as an African-American have tempered her conservatism somewhat.  Powell, however, is a Republican out of loyalty and a maverick on a number of issues, ranging from abortion to Iraq.