            LIFE IN CRAPPY AFRICAN COUNTRY BECOMES EVEN CRAPPIER  Life in the Central African Republic, a small, corrupt, non-strategic country in the middle of Africa nobody really cares that much about, took a turn for the worse this weekend when   former Army Chief of Staff Francois Bozize overthrew President Ange-Felix Patasse  after the IMF and World Bank suspended assistance to the country (read: they were probably fed up with the way the money was being stolen).  This wasn't too hard as the Army tends to mutiny and didn't resist.  The UN's Kofi Annan has   expressed his condemnation  of the coup, which I'm sure brings cheer to the hearts of all the citizens of Bangui   living on an average of $4 a day  who've just been victims of looting.  The Presidential Palace Bozize now occupies has been looted, downtown businesses have been destroyed, and   more and more ordinary citizens are being robbed by roving bands of armed men .  France has moved in - though not to save the Central Africans from themselves.  No, the French are here to save foreigners and protect the airport.  I love that.  You ever wonder why people in the third world dislike Westerners?  Because Westerners only care about the welfare of the people of the third world when it happens to coincide with security threats to Western countries, Western citizens, or  Western interests.  The lesson from Iraq and from North Korea (where the U.S. is trying to deal with the problem) in comparison with Rwanda and the Central African Republic (about which the U.S. cares little) is this: rule your country as a vile and ruthless dictator; get weapons of mass destruction and proliferate them; work with terrorists and other rogue states; and most importantly,  realistically threaten the United States or something vital to U.S. interests .  Soon enough the sheriff should come to town.  Maybe you, the dictator,   will be hunted down and killed by members of the Delta Force .  But you should be able to rest in peace, knowing that even though the United States has destroyed your evil regime, the West will now actually give a crap about your country.   UPDATE: Maybe all this looting was just a necessary evil and the removal of former President Ange-Felix Patass, who is now in exile in Togo, was a good idea.  Coup leader Franois Boziz   was cheered as he drove through Bangui  Friday.