            COUNTDOWN TO WAR  President Bush   plans to address the nation  (and the rest of the world) at 8:00p.m. Eastern Time.  Everybody by now knows what that means.  War is imminent.  I will be busy at the time of the address, but hope to read what Bush will say soon thereafter.  This is what I think Bush will say:  Inspections and diplomacy haven't worked because of Saddam's intransigence. Saddam is a threat to the world and his own people and it is time for him to go...And by that we mean  right now .   Saddam, either get out of Dodge or you're going to get smoked. There will be a reference to war beginning in less than 7 days He will leave out reference to specific U.N. resolutions, including 1441.  I think the bombing will begin gradually, with peripheral targets being hit to soften up the enemy a bit and make it unclear as to when the big attack is coming.  Then, about 5 days from now, we will have the promised   3,000 bombs  dropped within 48 hours to precisely destroy key installations.  How the invasion of Baghdad will work is anybody's guess, I think it will go surprisingly well.  While I want the war to succeed, I do not want Bush emboldened by this.  This Administration has destroyed American political capital with its disregard for other countries' and leaders' opinions.  Maybe the Administration has the right policy choice (I think they do, actually).  But did that have to come at the cost of alienating the whole world needlessly?  Too many people in this Administration think that diplomacy doesn't really matter.  I just hope that they'll find out the truth of that one, and reap what they sow on some important international issue Republicans really want.  The trouble is, the Bush Administration's destruction of our image abroad will have lasting implications beyond the term Bush is in office.  That angers me.   UPDATE : I was definitely wrong about invoking specific U.N. resolutions.  Bush invoked Resolutions 678, 687,   and   1441.  As news stories said, Saddam was going to have to get out.  I didn't think of a deadline, though of course there would have to be one.  There being conditions, Bush of course had to say we would wage war "at a time of our choosing," though taken together with the 48 hour deadline, that means war within a roughly commensurate time: 2 to 5 days after Wednesday night's deadline.  My bet: Saturday night - beginning the attack after the Muslim holy day.