               IRAQ INVITES INSPECTORS TO COME FOR A TEA PARTY!    I can just see it now. "Hello, this is Saddam. Yes, I was wondering if our two new allies, I mean chief inspectors, would like to come for a visit to Baghdad." Upon arriving in the capitol of Iraq, Hans Blix says, ok Saddam lets get down to business. Then Saddam, looks at him with a strange look, and the room gets quiet. They look at each other--the looks get intense. Then when we are sure Mr. Blix is about to be violently taken hostage, Mr. Blix bursts out laughing and causes Mr. Hussein to laugh uncontrollably. Hans Blix manages to get in between the laughing, "ok, just kidding".  Saddam says, "Ok, about this whole disarmament thing. Well, its just hard! I mean, I just don't like it--its not fair!!" Hans Blix pats Saddam on the back and says, "I know, we'll figure this out, don't cry".  Back to the real world.  Give me a friggin break!!! You messed up back in 1991 by invading Kuwait. We don't trust you to play well with others. So you can't have weapons. One proscribed weapon discovered should be the basis to take Saddam out. I mean if you find one weapon, it probably means they have plenty more where that came from and we just haven't found them yet.  It's sudden death Saddam. One illegal weapon and game's over. Its not like you get to play 3 more overtimes to find out if you could have possibly won.  My question here is, who hired Hans Blix? Because he's just saying all the right things for Iraq--and now he's going to go visit and negotiate with them about getting rid of their weapons.  Alright, lets get Saddam out of there and get this over with. Apparently Wall Street thinks we are on the verge of attacking. March 27th is the next moonless night. We shall see what happens. My bet is that we will get a presidential address and lots of news coverage on the 26th. Althought by then, Iraq will be saying, oh by the way we just happened to find some Anthrax here, whoops, we'll just destroy it really quickly.