                SHOULD THE U.S. & BRITAIN GO TO WAR IN IRAQ? Gabe's First Post  So Tony Blair seems to be having trouble getting support from his people. Here are some thoughts.    Like the United States, if Britain is a democracy, why isn't he doing what his people are telling him to do? He is supposed to speak for his people, right?    Second, I like the debates they have in the Parliament better than congress. When Tony Blair sits there and argues, he does a great job. Get Bush to stand there in the middle of congress and talk like that and he'd probably pass out.    Third, I agree with the war in Iraq, and I think we need Britain's support. But my idea of war is that we send about 100,000 more people and start flying over Iraq out of anti-aircraft range in the middle of the night with just a huge number of planes and scare them into surrender. I don't like the idea of people dying at the hands of Americans, but in the case of Sadaam, he's probably killed more Iraqi people in "peace-time" than we would kill in war time against them. Especially, the people in the north and south regions of Iraq.   I think many conflicts can go back to kids on the playground examples. So say a bully beats up kids on the side of the playground to build up a reputation as a tough guy without getting caught. Then he decides to go sit on the big tire and tells anybody that comes near him that he will beat them up--and they believe him. So then a new kid comes to the school and says, hey I wanna play on the big tire (due to the amount of petroleum products it contains). So he sees the dude on the big tire and tells people he's going to get the big tire back for everybody to play on.   But first he needs to get the guy off the tire. So he tries to round up a bunch of people to help him get the guy off the tire. Not because he needs their help, but because then, he, this new guy won't look like a bigger bully. But the guys he enlists to help him realize he just wants to be the new bully and don't want to help him do that.   So the new bully, just decides he's going to kick this guy off the tire. But as soon as he kicks him off the tire, he realizes he doesn't want to give it up, because the tire is nice and warm in the summer and he just wants to sit on it and keep it all for himself.   So the thing is, you've gotta be really tricky if you want to enlist other people to help you get what you want. And most people think Bush is dumb, so they assume that he could never have good intentions. He just wants the tire for himself and will want to sell the petroleum products himself.   So what do you do? Before you go beat up the guy on the tire, you say, I have 100 bullets in my gun, you only have 10, so I get 90% of the tire and you get 10%. If you produce more bullets by tomorrow, you can have more of the tire. You split up the tire.   Moral of the story, behind closed doors, divide up the oil pie right now. We can take it all now, but it will not be a good idea because it'll permanently position the US in a very powerful position, with a cheap supply of oil for years. Britain is the home of BP and probably has a good chunk of its governments budget coming from taxing the oil company. This is not cheap oil, but DIRT cheap oil if we can get it. Cheap labor, lots of it, easy to get to--its cheap oil at its finest with a big water port very close.   Its much more valuable than the amount of money we'll spend on the war. And every other country knows that. If we take the oil for ourselves, we would control the world quite handidly. It would create a lot of resentment against us by countries like China and India (the only two more populous countries in the world than the US) and would probably lead us into another arms race against those countries since they would be thinking the US might target them if they happen to have something that the US wants. The US is just being greedy here. We need to share.   Why do I support the war? Because it will support the position of the US as the massive superpower that it is. We are within the top 5 countries in size in the world, the 3rd largest by population and by far the biggest consumers of everything in the world. So we need the energy source to keep going--but in order to get it without other people resenting us, we need to share.   So big surprise the only countries against us are the ones who have aspirations to be the biggest and best countries in the world (France, Russia)--no matter the size of population and country size. Britain is our buddy. Why? Because our banks and companies are practically intertwined. If Britains economy sank, we'd probably be hurting too. The other countries that are with us on the UN resolution are countries that have made deals to get paid by the US for stuff. Mexico, Spain, other countries like those are just thinking, ok more new jobs are coming our way. Scratch the back of the superpower, and you get scratched back. The other countries are holding out for more right now I bet.   Anyway. So it seems like Iraq is going to try to look like it is complying, but is really just proving the way Sadaam is... play all sorts of psychological games to make him not look so bad. So it looks like he is going to tell us what he did with his VX and anthrax now. But wow, he waits until about the day of reckoning to say something about it. Hmm, this seems like good old Sadaam here...   oh well, enough on that for now, but man lets get rid of this guy... he's gonna be making biological weapons until the day he dies if we don't get rid of him...   -Gabe