            BLAIR'S SIX BENCHMARKS  Tony Blair is walking a fine line, and   his political skills cannot protect him indefinitely .  The British public and his Labour Party are rebelling against him, though Blair's only known possible successor,   Gordon Brown , has come out in support of him.  Blair's survival, and British support for a war on Iraq, appears conditioned on UN authorization of military action.  The Bush Administration, pushing members of the Security Council to agree to authorize a war, has shown few signs of flexibility beyond changing its March 17 deadline by a few days and has, in effect, said that Iraq's disarmament must satisfy the United States, rather than meet any objective criteria.  Needing agreement,   Blair has proposed standards for disarmament  that, if not met would justify war on Iraq.  These are Blair's   six disarmament "benchmarks"  with my comments in italics:  A television appearance by Iraqi President Saddam Hussein renouncing weapons of mass destruction.  Maybe if it's going to be   an interview with Dan Rather on CBS .  If it has to be shown on Iraqi television, Saddam won't do it.  He can't capitulate in front of his own population - he's too afraid for his own survival.  He'd also have to admit to having had weapons of mass destruction and having caused all the misery his people have suffered because he wouldn't give them up.    Iraq's permitting 30 key weapons scientists to travel to Cyprus to be interviewed by U.N. weapons inspectors.  Saddam might let them go.  But if their extended families and friends can't come along, these interviews will be fruitless.  There will always be someone Saddam can kill, until his regime is removed.  The scientists would have to either give up nothing, or know individually that they could give up enough information to justify war and the rescue of their extended families and friends.  Faced with those two choices, key Iraqi scientists, most of whom probably favor the regime, would reveal almost nothing of value.    Destruction "forthwith'' of 10,000 liters of anthrax and other chemical and biological weapons Iraq is allegedly holding.  So Iraq would have to give up a smoking gun  and  the only thing that makes the U.S. and Britain truly afraid of invading?  Saddam can't give that up.  Saddam would also have to prove that the materials were destroyed.  Unless someone from the U.S. or Britain is on site to verify destruction of these materials, proof may be very difficult.    Surrender of and explanation about biological weapons production.  Give up the smoking gun and give the international community arguments why Saddam Hussein is dangerous and regime change is the only way to solve the problem?  No way.    Commitment to destroy proscribed missiles.  Well, they're doing this already.  But it's a bad benchmark, as Iraq can turn compliance on and off, destroying or stopping the destruction of illegal missiles when it wants.  And this would probably require that Iraq also give up missiles it was to use for its chemical and biological weapons programs, which it would be admitting exist.    Accounting for unmanned aerial vehicles.  Iraq was caught dismantling some of these the other day.  It probably can't account for them all and explaining why not would reveal that Iraq has not been cooperating with weapons inspectors in good faith.  HOWEVER, the benchmarks aren't for Saddam.  They're for the Security Council's consumption.  Maybe they're palatable to a few undecided countries.  But the U.S. and U.K.'s opponents on the Security Council will never let these benchmarks become the basis of a new resolution as they presuppose Iraq's lying rather than "substantially complying" as Hans Blix has said.  They would be an incitement to war rather than a justification for any further delay, and Russia, France and Germany cannot accept them.  That's bad for the U.S. and U.K., but especially for Blair, who I think is a good prime minister and the only "new left" politician still in charge of a major country (I think Schroeder is officially off the wagon).  If Blair doesn't get authorization for war, he could be forced from office.  That makes me mad that the Bush Administration put Blair in this position.  I'm certain his replacement would be worse for Britain's domestic and foreign policy and a poor ally to the United States.