            PADILLA HAS A RIGHT TO COUNSEL AT LEAST UNTIL APPEAL . . .  Michael Mukasey, Chief Judge of the Southern District of New York, today issued a   strongly worded opinion  in which he refused to reverse his   December ruling  that Jose Padilla (  a.k.a. Abdullah al Muhajir, a.k.a. the Dirty Bomber, a.k.a. the Chicago gang member turned Al Qaeda operative ) has a right to counsel like other American citizens, residents, and most everybody else outside of   Guantanamo Bay  (whose denizens, the D.C. Circuit   ruled today  don't to have a right to counsel), Cuba, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Diego Garcia, or any of the   undisclosed locations  where alleged Al Qaeda operatives are being held.  Not that I'm skeptical about U.S. operations against Al Qaeda (though they've picked up   a few Afghan and Pakistani farmers and deposited them in Cuba  and suspiciously   killed a few others ) it's just that federal courts seem to work pretty well in dealing with terror suspects.  Does anybody really doubt that real terrorists will be convicted or that courts and lawyers can keep secret evidence confidential?  The World Trade Center bombers were convicted, Timothy McVeigh was executed and who really thinks   Zacarias Moussaoui  won't be convicted even if he's given the freedom to write as many   goofy motions  as he can dream up and   fire and fight with his court-appointed lawyers ?  Conservatives in the Bush Administration are afraid of taking on the ACLU and liberal judges because they could restrict their freedom to fight terrorism.  They aren't absolutely stupid, that is a possibility, though the way the federal courts acted during World War I, World War II, and the McCarthy Era may cause one to make the opposite inference.  I worry more about the negative effects of giving free rein to law enforcement on terrorism issues.  It's not hard to see how sweeping new laws for fighting terrorism like the Patriot Act (and the potential "  Patriot Act II ") or decisions   allowing detention based on minimal amounts of evidence  can be applied to ordinary citizens, though they aren't being applied that way right now.  That's why I'm happy Padilla gets a right to counsel.  A line has to be drawn somewhere.  Padilla is an   American citizen captured on American soil , just alleged to be an   enemy combatant .  The fact that his crime has an international terrorism-related component shouldn't mean Padilla no longer has the same rights accorded to him when he was punished for   murder, for shooting at fellow drivers, and for assaulting a prison guard .