            NO MORE INDIAN MASCOTS  Seattle's public schools will no longer have American Indian-related mascots: no more Indians, Braves, Chiefs.  The school district's ban was   upheld in King County superior court .  My alma mater, Chimacum, has the Cowboys; our Port Townsend arch-rivals are the Redskins.  A few years ago there was a push to change the name, but that obviously ended unsuccessfully.  I like having a cross-county rivalry with mascots that reflect that, but obviously the Redskin thing   has got to go  .  My suggestion: the Port Townsend  Sheepherders .  I know, I know, while there are lots of cows in Chimacum, there aren't many sheep in Port Townsend.  My response: how many Indians are there in Port Townsend?  I think everybody plays up the conflict between cowboys and Indians while neglecting the tragic conflict that was the fencing of the open range in the West so that sheep could graze (I'm hilarious, I know).    Oh, and by the way, Washington, D.C. (where I live now), known for its high African-American population, should try changing its mascot to something that insults blacks.  That'll go over well.  The Washington Bullets   changed their name  because associating DC's team with shooting violence hit a little bit close to home, as D.C. was long also the nation's   murder capital .  It's now behind Youngstown, Ohio, my girlfriend's home town (but they can't keep us down for long).  I think part of reason the name had to change related to the fact that blacks are too often stereotyped as being violent.  Actually I have heard that the reason why Redskins owner Dan Snyder moved to the spear logo was so that he could   change the name from Redskins  after a few years - maybe after that championship he's trying to buy.  Maybe we'll have the   Washington Warriors .  I just hope no one will associate the spear with an African-American slur instead of an American Indian one.  It's not easy choosing a good mascot.  Maybe it's best to stick with a color - like the   Cleveland Browns  . . . .  Maybe that's not a good example.