            U.S. LEAFLETS ANALYZED  U.S. planes dropped a number of different leaflets over Iraq last week.  I think these let you in on what U.S. military planners are thinking about in attacking Iraq.      Leaflet #1  The U.S. thinks Iraq has biological, chemical, or maybe even nuclear weapons and we are afraid they may be used against American invasion forces.  The U.S. is probably not overly concerned about conventional warfare, but use of weapons of mass destruction does bother the U.S. military.    Leaflet #2  The U.S. thinks oil will be used as a weapon, probably to make it hard to travel up Iraqi waterways or land on Iraqi beaches.  The U.S. also believes Iraqis will have greater loyalty to their families than to Saddam.    Leaflet #3  The U.S. thinks Iraqi military forces can be persuaded to surrender or desert the military.  A pretty typical propaganda leaflet over time, but many people think a large number of Iraqi forces, maybe even most of those outside of the Republican Guards, will surrender.    Leaflet #4  The U.S. needs to communicate with Iraqi civilians to counter information being fed to them by Iraqi propaganda radio and television.  Radio may have been chosen rather than television because TV is impossible, or maybe because the U.S. doesn't have a good TV face for U.S. forces in Iraq.    Leaflet #5  The U.S. fears Iraqi antiaircraft weapons may damage or down U.S. airplanes, and is threatening retribution for use of antiaircraft weapons.    Leaflet #6  The U.S. is trying to avoid angering the Iraqi public and is looking forward to an occupation.  That is why it says it will not destroy Iraqi monuments or harm the Iraqi people if they avoid military personnel.    Leaflet #7  The U.S. really wants people to listen to U.S. propaganda/information radio.  U.S. forces may actually have information they need to communicate.  I wonder what.    Leaflet #8  This  leaflet, which does not have an English analogue, has been translated as saying, "'Do not help the Iraqi military or leaders of the regime to flee."  The U.S. does not want Saddam or other Baathists to escape in order to return at a later time.  If they do, they may just wait out a U.S. occupation and then come back and try to come back to power.    Leaflet #9  Once again, the U.S. wants to communicate with Iraqis, to inform them of the badness of Saddam's regime.  I wonder if this won't just help people who are used to Saddam's rhetoric adapt to what Americans want to hear when the U.S. occupies Iraq.  Maybe this is good in terms of a "de-Baathification."      Yahoo's slide show of these leaflets.