            CAN THE POPE LABEL THE BUSH DOCTRINE UNJUST?  Today is Ash Wednesday, the first day of Lent.  The big news of the day, at least for a Catholic like me, is   Pope John Paul II's big effort to halt President Bush's drive to remove Saddam Hussein  and his Tikriti/Baathist regime in Iraq.  The pope has said that an American war, which will neither respond to aggression or preempt an imminent attack, will not be a just war.  The pope is making a public push to prevent the war through sermonizing and calling for Catholics to pray and fast for peace.  He even   sent a papal envoy , Cardinal Pio Laghi, a former papal nuncio during the time of President Bush the Elder.  It is ironic that the signature "  Bush Doctrine "of the most Christian of our recent presidents would be singled out by the pope as unjust.  I remember from history class [I later saw   the famous Cronkite interview ] how, when JFK ran for President, there was still the question of whether a Catholic could be President.  There was a question as to whether a Catholic would consider himself beholden to the Pope and whether he would be forced to follow the Pope's infallible guidance to the detriment of the United States.  Well, JFK was elected, so obviously the American people didn't consider it   that   much of a problem.  But a related problem - how much authority a pope should wield in the gray area between purely moral issues and purely governmental issues - is still a difficult issue.  "Just war" is one of these gray area issues.  The Church has not adopted a pacifist stance.  Instead,   some wars are considered just and others unjust .  The big issue for me is basically this: how much should the pope, a moral leader, second-guess a national leader's decision on when to go to war and how the war is to be fought?  The use of force just one part of a larger security policy.  If, for example, Iraq is producing nuclear weapons, must an American president wait until Saddam Hussein appears likely to use these weapons on his neighbors before attacking?  Must the U.S. wait until Saddam is preparing to use chemical or biological weapons on his own people or on his neighbors to attack?   [This is actually one of my greatest concerns - a nonproliferation strategy requires the threat of use of force and a failure of nonproliferation will ultimately put weapons in the hands of people who are  very  unlikely to wage a just war]   Or may an attack be justified if the threat is inevitable, or leaving a man like Saddam in power leads inevitably to a threat of war.  This seems like a difficult call to make, one made based on practical necessity.  To draw an analogy, must you allow a man to live that you know will attack you when your back is turned?  When you know that he will kill one of your friends?  I can't fault the pope for being concerned.  However, I believe in the end that the practical consideration of what threat Saddam poses is something the pope cannot decide.  Where the pope speaks on moral matters, he is infallible, but on other issues he is not.  I believe that the way in which a war is waged is something for practical decisionmakers.   UPDATE : Jimmy Carter, Nobel Prize winner and America's 39th President (and probably the closest thing the U.S. has to a "secular" pope) on Sunday March 9 said a   U.S. war against Iraq will not be a just war .  Carter, a devout Southern Baptist, has said that the Southern Baptist Convention has only come out in favor of this war because of their deep commitment to Israel due to conservative Christian thoughts on the end of the world.