           MUST PALESTINE WIN ITS INDEPENDENCE?  After seeing   yet another story  about how Palestinian militants (in this case Hamas) rejected a peace plan for Palestine/Israel (the Bush roadmap), I wonder if the Palestinians will not accept a peaceful compromise that will lead to their independence.  I am starting to think that a peaceful process to independence does not jibe with the Palestinian self-image as an oppressed people who must rise against their oppressors.  My thought is that to move from that state of oppression to independence requires the creation of a Palestinian national myth of independence like that of the United States.  The only way to achieve that is to achieve victory through violent means, by beating your oppressor and freeing yourself.  Being freed leaves a person feeling subject to the mercy of another and less of a person.  It also leaves you feeling like you could lose your freedom again or that the freedom you have been given is incomplete.  Breaking one's chains, defeating one's enemy, gives a true sense of freedom.  That spirit seems to be at least in part behind this statement from Sheik Ahmed Yassin of Hamas: "Our resistance is continuing and it will continue and no one will stop it. We should not drop our weapons before we get our rights." The problem for the realization of Palestinian freedom is that in its strongest forms, which are often the forms associated with the sense of vanquishing the Israeli enemy, the Palestinian cause is incompatible with an Israel Israelis can accept.  As Yassin also said: "We will pursue resistance and self-defense until the removal of the occupation and settlements from our land, and until our people return." Yassin and those like him believe Palestinian Arabs have a right to return to their previous homes in Israel and want the entire Holy Land.  What we need to do, and I say this with all seriousness, is redirect the Palestinians so that they can have a myth of battle-won independence that is compatible with the Israel that currently exists.  Let them forget about Israel itself after the Israelis build their wall.  What the Israelis should do is move every soldier in Palestine onto the border/wall and let the Palestinians rule themselves.  And, most importantly, let the Palestinians kill all the settlers who are not smart enough to leave when the leaving is good or (as is unlikely) live in peace with their Palestinian rulers.  That can be the Palestinian independence myth: the vanquishing of the Israeli settlers.