           THE FIFTH PLANE THEORY: CAN THE U.S. CONVICT MOUSSAOUI?  Zacarias Moussaoui is a member of Al Qaeda and openly committed to the destruction of the United States at a time when Osama bin Laden and his associates are on the run.  He was arrested in Minnesota after trying to get flying lessons related to a hijacking, but it doesn't seem that prosecutors can actually figure out what he was going to do next, let alone  prove  what he was going to do next.  I'm sure the prosecution team is wishing it had sent Moussaoui   to a naval brig  or   Guantanamo Bay .  They're probably wishing they could have convinced Judge Brinkema to accept Moussaoui's early guilty plea.  It seems the original theory was that Moussaoui would be the 20th hijacker.  As part of this theory, government prosecutors probably wanted to show that Moussaoui was somehow going to work in concert with the other hijackers and to join them in their hijackings.   However, it seems that prosecutorsdo not have sufficient proof of that theory, as Moussaoui was far away from the hijackers, who otherwise seemed to be working as a coherent group.  Moussaoui has also claimed that he is not working with this group and has sought information from Al Qaeda operative Ramzi Binalshibh in order to prove this as Binalshibh apparently made statements to that effect.  Prosecutors have now moved on to attempt to prove that Moussaoui was part of the September 11 attacks in another way - he planned to hijack a fifth plane.  While this may not be that much easier to prove, the government must at least present some coherent theory tying him to the September 11 attacks because it is attempting to charge Moussaoui with conspiracy in order to tie him to the murders of the September 11 victims.  A conspiracy charge usually requires that the government show:  at least two persons' agreement to commit a crime intent to enter into the agreement intent to actually do the act, usually through some overt act. How the government is going to show that Moussaoui did anything besides look for flight lessons is unclear.  This is probably in part because the facts are classified, but it must   at least in part be related to problems of proof , or the government wouldn't have to change its theory of the case.  What I begin to wonder now is what the U.S. government will do now that it is becoming clear that it does not have a legally sufficient case against Zacarias Moussaoui ( i.e., Judge Brinkema may not allow a jury to convict him due to evidentiary weaknesses).  The one sure thing is that the U.S. will not send Moussaoui back to France any time soon.