            BUSH, VOINOVICH AND THE TAX CUT  I love this argument from the White House:   Some members of Congress support tax relief, but say my proposal is too big. Since they already agree that tax relief creates jobs, it doesn't make sense to provide less tax relief and, therefore, create fewer jobs.  I love that logic.  How about instead of $550 billion or $750 billion in tax cuts, we give $2 trillion in tax cuts?  Or how about we eliminate taxes altogether?  That would create the most jobs.  Oh, what's that Mr. Bush?  We actually have to pretend to allocate money for some of the things our government is doing?  Or even pay for them outright?  Wow.  So we can't just eliminate taxes in pursuit of jobs. Because we'll never actually pay for everything during a recession (especially with the tax cut-obsessed Republicans in charge), the argument therefore has two dimensions: how much we will appropriate or not ( i.e.,  give in tax cuts), and how much we will authorize ( i.e.  what programs we will fund or cut).  There are positive and negative values for each of these: greater amounts of taxes mean a greater ability to pay for what we do and a greater ability to fund programs, while less taxes means more capital is out in the economy.  More authorizations means we can pay for public goods like an up-to-date and satisfied military, international power projection, social security and other lesser-known programs.  But allocating less money to government programs allows for tax cuts that create all the jobs President Bush talks about.  The answer to a situation where there are benefits from taxing people and benefits from not taxing people, benefits from authorizing more programs and benefits from less government spending lies in a balance on both these axes based on specific economic and governmental goals.  I think the Bush Administration knows this and is trying to play Congress and the American people by focusing on the tax cut now, to stimulate the economy, regardless of programmatic funding demands.  Then, once a tax cut is passed President Bush will tell everybody, "hey look, there isn't enough money here to fund all of the programs the government currently runs.  So just fund the military and social security."  The Bush Administration isn't just looking at the country's economic woes, it is trying to shape the next battle, the one over the size of government.  Oh, just to give credit where credit is due: I thought about posting on this a few days ago, but was most immediately prompted by   this post  over at   reenhead .