            MAN ARE THESE GUYS IMPATIENT!  The war was relatively short; winning the peace is really the issue now.  We could knock out Saddam, but will we replace him with something better?  We may not have a long time to figure it out, if most Iraqis are as impatient as these guys.  Ah, to think back nostalgically to the Germans and the Japanese after World War II.  Does anybody remember  them  rioting in the streets to have everything they want now?  I don't think they did.  Oh, for a world with some patience.  But the big deal is that we have to do this well and leave a better result in place.  Remember the end of the Cold War?  We were successful in knocking off Communism.  But what replaced it?  Nothing that much better - crony capitalism, gangsters, crime, economic dislocation and a decline in living conditions in a number of formerly Communist states.  Not to mention ethnic wars.  If we are really going to win against terrorism, we have to show   That the values of the West (democracy, pluralism, meritocracy, free markets, etc.), as imposed by the U.S., can coexist with Sunni, Shiite and Arab culture . . . oh, and Kurdish culture as well. That the result of American forms is better than the life that the people of Iraq lived under Saddam. The transition from a totalitarian regime is always positive, the question is whether like the transition from Saddam will  also  have  negative  consequences, like those that happened in Russia or other parts of the Soviet Union.  We must work quickly to put positive changes into place and avoid negative ones.  It looks like we already made a big mistake in letting the looting of important parts of Baghdad (such as museums) take place and shooting into a stone-throwing crowd in Mosul.  Hopefully U.S. civilian and military leaders will be able to avoid such mistakes in the future.  Reconstruction after defeating an Arab dictatorship with ethnic/religious conflicts bubbling to the surface is a hard task.  However, it is an important one, one that probably only the United States could successfully undertake.  I hope that we can succeed.