            WELCOME TO THE FREEDOM AMERICANS ENJOY!  President Bush   recorded a message  for the Iraqi people the other day while visiting Northern Ireland to discuss Iraq with Tony Blair, who also recorded a similar message.  These have been described as condescending, talking about all the great freedoms   the gifted Iraqi people  will enjoy once they are thoroughly democratized and free to become good supply-siders.  Well, I've come up with a Bush message which would let the Iraqi people know they enjoy a freedom not often enjoyed by many Americans but cherished during those limited opportunities:  the God-given rights to riot and loot!    Good evening, my fellow Americans, er, Iraqis, er, . . . .  gifted Iraqi people .   I am sending you this message to inform you, if you have not already discovered, the great freedom you have been enjoying over the last few days - in particular in the cities of Mosul, Kirkuk, Basra, Najaf, and who could forget Baghdad.  You have been able to walk directly into government buildings and take tables, chairs and computers without anyone stopping you.  You have been able to steal farm machinery.  You have been able to harrass, shoot, and kill your neighbors without anyone stopping you.  You can rip off your local stores if you just have the manpower to do it.  You can even assault your own religious leaders with guns and knives and kill them!  You have your American saviors to thank for that freedom, a freedom that comes only rarely.   You see, in America we have this freedom only occasionally and have learned to cherish it.  It comes during the most memorable times in our history - for instance, when white people avoid going to jail for beating black people!   You may not have3 heard of this incident, but in the Los Angeles area, there was a major controversy when several white police officers beat Rodney King for resisting arrest.  This led to a trial watched by many after which the white police officers tried by a white jury were not convicted.  The result: a wonderful melee of destruction and looting!  White truck driver Reginald Denny was hauled from his truck in a riot-torn area, beaten and hit in the head with a brick!  Korean and other businesses were attacked, robbed and burned, as memoriably described in Sublime's    April 26, 1992  .  But I digress back to Daddy's time in office. . . . .    We have also had riots when people in America did not wish to be drafted to fight in our Civil War!  The New York Draft Riots, which killed a number of people, were recently joyously mis-depicted in the quasi-historical blockbuster    Gangs of New York  , which starred Daniel Day-Lewis, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Cameron Diaz.  Hopefully your rioting will be as star-studded, memorable and moneymaking.  Be sure to dutifully record all the details so later filmmakers will be able to base a blockbuster upon the riots in your city, be it Basra, Mosul, Kirkuk or Baghdad. It appears some of you are already imitating the best of American cinema.  Taking a cue from the movie    Three Kings  , I heard from Condi that some Iraqis were found   robbing a bank  during the post-war chaos.  Well done! There are numerous other uses for riots and looting, hopefully you will be able to discover some for yourself!  Thank you, and may God bless Iraq!