            UN ROLE IN IRAQ  I'm looking into the different proposals for a UN role in Iraq, which the Wolfowitz-types oppose.  According to the BBC, President Bush has said that there is a   false choice  being created regarding who will run Iraq after the war - coalition forces or the UN.  Bush says the Iraqi people will govern their country.  Well, that's very nice to say, but I doubt he means to allow the country to descend into looting and violence   like that in Basra   now that the British have removed the fedayeen.  Somehow, order will have to be established, and that will not be done by "the Iraqis."  It will be done  on their behalf , no doubt, but not by the Iraqis.  The people will have to be fed, and this will not be done by Iraqis.  A governance arrangement will have to be made, and this will not happen of its own accord.  The UN could add some credibility in the world's eyes.  This is probably because of the distaste the Bush Administration and conservatives have for the UN.  I mean, last night Bob Novak was saying that allowing the UN to run things was the same as letting France run things.  Now that's complete B.S., but conservatives buy into that.  Here's my take: the UN should be able to do some things within its expertise.  But for all my love of the UN, it may be a good time to teach the UN a lesson.  If the US is involved in a conflict and the UN can't do as good a job at solving a particular problem as the US can, tough luck UN.  Make the UN compete for work and learn that not being effective will only get them excluded from reconstruction efforts.  I think the UN needs to really be focused on humanitarian efforts and reconstruction aid and stay away from the political parts of this reconstruction effort.  UN involvement may be useful in the political realm if it is facilitative of a good choice of a national leader, but, as was the case in Afghanistan, the locals, coached by the U.S., need to make the choices if the U.S. going to have to back up this new regime.  I'll reconsider my support of U.S. control of governance, defense, policing and other similar issues if the U.S. tries to install Ahmed Chalabi as the leader of a free Iraq.  That guy is a useless blowhard with no local support.  If he's put in power, it will only create instability in the country and he'll be gone within a few years, if not months.  What the country needs is local leadership, from among the people who've suffered under Saddam.