            CHEMICAL WEAPONS FIND  Early evidence indicates that chemical weapons have been found at a military base in Hindiya, near Karbala.  Testing takes time and is not always conclusive, so the find is not being reported as definite.  Secretary of Defense Don   Rumsfeld has downplayed the initial reports , saying they are often wrong. [Rumsfeld did, however, say   that he believed  'Chemical' Ali Majid to be dead]  According to   this story  in the New York Times, soldiers in a camp there came across an unusually large number of chemical suits and investigated, finding a riot control gas, CN.  This made a few soldiers sick and several people, including Knight-Ridder reporter Tom Lasseter, were decontaminated.  After testing the contents of one 20-gallon container, tests indicated that   sarin  and   tabun  were inside.  Tests on another 55-gallon drum apparently found mustard gas inside.    MSNBC says  the container with sarin and tabun may also contain   lewisite , a blister agent.  NBC's Dana Lewis says one of the discoveries is at a military camp and another at a pesticide factory.  NPR quotes a top official with the 1st Marine Division as saying   Marines had discovered BM-21 missiles  equipped with sarin and mustard gas ready to be used.    ABC News' John McWethy  said site exploration teams are testing missile warheads armed with sarin at one site, and that a blister agent had been found at another site.  Reuters' Kieran Murray quotes Major Michael Hamlet of the 101st Airborne as saying that the alleged sarin and tabun finds at a camp and an agricultural site (does this contradict the pesticide plant story?) in the town of Albu Mahawish   could turn out to merely be pesticides .  Another officer says that the 14 barrels, 3 55-gallon drums and 11 25-gallon barrels, appear to have a cocktail of chemical weapons.  The Washington Post says that the 14 barrels discovered by a 101st Airborne Division patrol likely contain sarin, tabun   and the blistering agent phosgene  (contradicting MSNBC's claim that it is lewisite, unless the two names are synonymous).  Fox News cites Pentagon sources as saying that a   POW tipped the Americans  to the site of the alleged weapons find.  AFP quotes Marine intelligence officer Captain Adam Mastrianni as saying that the materials found  were  in fact   merely pesticides , then later it seems they back away from this flat refutation.