          HUEY P. CHAVEZ  Just saw a PBS piece on Huey Long.  How he ruled the state of Louisiana with an increasingly tyrannical bent until he was shot.  What was his goal?  His Share the Wealth campaign was distribution from the rich to the poor in a very simple way.  His enemies were militant; Long, a U.S. Senator, basically had an army of state troopers.  Reminds me a lot of Hugo Chavez of Venezuela.  Chavez is a power-accumulating President with a genuine concern for the masses, but his enemies are militantly against him.  It seems that their personalities are somewhat different, however.  Which makes me think that the similarities we see are worthy of a real political science analysis.  My quick and dirty analysis: in both cases we see a dilemma of democracy.  Democracy brings to power those with a great will and great ability to serve the people.  You always see near-pathological seekers of one version or another of the public good.  Why do these people work to take power?  Because they crave not personal wealth but popular adulation and the sense of greatness for having done much for many people.  They have a sense they can do great things.  They are an odd breed of megalomaniacs.  However, the diffusion of power in a democracy makes it difficult for leaders to enact positive legislation that  counters powerful interests.  Because of this difficulty, the leader, wishing to accomplish his goals and serve the people, has a strong temptation to consolidate power in himself (or herself) serve the public good (as he/she sees it).   This is especially the case in times like the Depression (Long) or the economic hardship of the Third World (Chavez).  Trying to take on entrenched interests and marginalizing the other side of political disputes provokes militancy and creates emergencies.  In that type of situation, it is no surprise that Chavez was briefly ousted and his opposition keeps trying to depose him.  In Long's day, his opponents wished him dead and clashed with his forces (this is in the United States, people!).  He feared assassination for years and was eventually killed.  Long was killed, so we can't predict outcomes perfectly.  But most guessed that he would have created a third wave of politics based on his share-the-wealth concepts - straight-up distributionalism.  He was running for president.  His share-the-wealth ideas could have really been popular in the Depression, but I fear it would have led to economic disaster and then a vicious circle in which the poor get poorer and thus demand more of the remaining rich.  A power-hungry person like Long would have preyed on this situation to get more and more power, and this could have seriously damaged the United States' society, Constitution, and economy.  I think that Chavez will survive in Venezuela.  The question is whether he will allow himself to be voted out of office.  I think that, Chavez, facing stiff opposition and military forces arrayed against him, will eventually be forced to play democratically, though as Long showed, there are a lot of ways to mess with democracy.  I think Chavez will decline once he loses the Presidency.  The problem is really what he does to try to constitutionally entrench the changes he wants made and what power he draws to himself in order to get what he wants during his interval as President of Venezuela.  He could damage the constitutional order of the country and create another Colombia.