          RATCHETING UP THE RHETORIC IN GMO DISPUTE  U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick had   an Op-Ed  in the May 21 Wall Street Journal on the GMO dispute entitled "United States v. European Union."  None too subtle.  But the part I found most interesting about the Op-Ed was USTR's answer to the "why now?" question.  The Administration believes that the Europeans will put off removing the moratorium indefinitely and has gotten sick and tired of the "just wait a little bit longer . . . " response it always gets on GMO issues from the EC.  The Administration, in addition to domestic political reasons, wants to take up this dispute now to create a decision-forcing situation for the EC.  Unfortunately, it seems to me that the decision is likely to be "NON!" in response to U.S. pressure.  I hate to be pessimistic, but I think we will be stuck in a situation like that after  Hormones .  The measures won't be rescinded and the institutional relevance of the WTO will be harmed.   Zoellick also   told the House Committee on on Agriculture  on Wednesday that the Administration wants to expand market access, remove export subsidies and export monopolies, and a $100 billion lowering of domestic agricultural supports to "level the playing field."  Basically, Zoellick is admitting that the U.S. has high agricultural supports, but saying that the EU and Japan should bring their subsidies down to U.S. levels.  Good luck, Mr. Zoellick.      On the other side of the Atlantic , lawmakers in the European Parliament have decided to lower tolerances for traces of GMOs in non-GMO products from 0.9% to 0.5%.  The European Commission condemned the decision.  This doesn't exactly help the Commission's case before the WTO because such low amounts of GMOs cannot be accurately verified.  That means the law allows for either cheating by exporters to the EC or regulations excluding products with a possible 0.5% GMO content, whether or not that can be proven, or both.  And because of the spiteful nature of the EU action, the U.S., Canada, Argentina (and Egypt) can easily walk away from consultations without having thought of any way to settle this dispute besides WTO litigation that will stiffen both sides' resolve and make them not want to end the dispute.  The big problem is that a rancorous dispute like this over agricultural issues will make it much less likely that anything will come of the Doha Round agricultural negotiations.  I think filing this case now is an indication that the U.S. believes the EC is not going to make significant concessions on agriculture in the Doha Round negotiations.  I thought this might be an attempt to horse-trade with the EC regarding Doha: make serious concessions regarding agriculture and we'll drop the case.  But that's politically unrealistic.  U.S. agricultural companies and farming states want the U.S. to go all the way and win the case and such a challenge will stiffen EU public will against any serious agricultural concessions.