          BUSH: GMOs TO HALT AFRICAN HUNGER  President Bush has gone on the offensive on GMOs and European agricultural subsidies.  Bush tied these issues to development and food-related needs, especially in Africa.  Though the Initiative to End Hunger that Bush is proposing (see below) may sound new, it's not - the Initiative has been around since at least August 2002, when it was   outlined  by USAID Administrator Andrew Natsios at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg, South Africa.  He addressed these issues in a commencement speech at the Coast Guard Academy, saying: " When I travel to Europe next week, I will challenge our allies to make a similar commitment which will save even more lives. I will remind them that the clock is ticking -- that every single day 8,000 more people will die from AIDS in Africa. There will be 14,000 more infections. I will urge our European partners, and Japan, and Canada, to join a great mission of rescue, and to match their good intentions with real resources. (Applause.)  The advance of freedom and hope in the world is also challenged by an ancient enemy: famine. Our world produces more than enough food to feed its 6 billion people. Yet tens of millions are at risk of starvation, and millions more lack water fit for drinking. This crisis also is concentrated in Africa. We have the ability to confront this suffering. And we accept the duty, as old as the Scriptures, to comfort the afflicted and to feed the hungry.  America is already the largest provider in the world of food relief -- giving more than $1.4 billion in global emergency food aid, and one-half of all contributions to the World Food Program. And we are determined to do more. I've committed to a nearly $1 billion initiative to provide clean drinking water to 50 million people in the developing world. I've also asked Congress to provide $200 million for a new Famine Fund, which will give us the flexibility to act quickly when the first signs of famine appear. I call on other nations to follow our lead by establishing their own emergency funds. By saving time in responding to crisis, we will save lives.  We can also greatly reduce the long-term problem of hunger in Africa by applying the latest developments of science. I have proposed an Initiative to End Hunger in Africa. By widening the use of new high-yield bio-crops and unleashing the power of markets, we can dramatically increase agricultural productivity and feed more people across the continent.   Yet, our partners in Europe are impeding this effort. They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears. This has caused many African nations to avoid investing in biotechnologies, for fear their products will be shut out of European markets. European governments should join -- not hinder -- the great cause of ending hunger in Africa . (Applause.)   We must also give farmers in Africa, Latin America and Asia and elsewhere a fair chance to compete in world markets. When wealthy nations subsidize their agricultural exports, it prevents poor countries from developing their own agricultural sectors. So I propose that all developed nations, including our partners in Europe, immediately eliminate subsidies on agricultural exports to developing countries so that they can produce more food to export and more food to feed their own people." (Applause.) The full text of his speech can be found   here .    UPDATE:  Friends of the Earth   doesn't like  the Bush Administration's use of hunger in Africa as a reason for countries to accept GMO crops.  Well that's surprising.