          THOUGHTS ON  MATRIX RELOADED : In Progress Big Time Spoilers, of course    I'm confused: did I see the video game or the movie?  There was a lot of action in the original  Matrix , but the kung fu sequences seemed a bit too long this time.  It exemplified a lot about the movie.  The filmmakers were too caught up showing off to give us a solid plot.  I mean, I wanted to know a  lot  more about Smith.  For such a major character, who seems to have made such a major change, we learn very little. I think the moviemakers may have avoided giving up any plot because they were trying so hard to play up the intriguing mysteries we saw in the first movie.  Trying to sort the truth from the lies  was  interesting, but I wanted more plot development. The worst part: how long could the credits  possibly  be?  I waited around  forever  for the long-promised  Matrix Revolutions  trailer.  QUESTIONS I HAVE:   How did Neo kill the Sentinels?  This could either be  the  mystery and the key to everything or just an interesting sidenote.  How did Neo know the Sentinels were using a new tool, a bomb?  Did he just figure it out or did he  know  somehow that they were doing this? This could indicate that: * The supposed "real world" in which Morpheus, Neo,  et al.  live in is just another circle of hell, and Neo can manipulate that world like the Matrix.  There are a number of problems with this theory.  First is the way that killing the Sentinel (messing with the laws of physics as he did in the Matrix) harmed Neo in a way that never happened in the Matrix.  He's in a coma at the end of the movie. * There is the "connection" Neo feels with the Sentinels, which parallels the "connection" he has with Smith in a way that cannot be a coincidence. I don't remember - was the guy on the other side of the table from Neo a Smith clone or another Agent on Smith's team? Are there really any programs on the human side or are they all just serving a purpose like the Keymaker was?  The Matrix Reloaded trailer showed a quick clip of the Oracle's white-coated guard program, who  did  seem to be one of the good guys. At the end, when Neo is speeding along to catch  Trinity, he chews up everything around him.  I realized that all the cars flying around and the buildings falling apart probably had people in them, ordinary human people.  Who were dying.  Then I thought about the highway fight, which turned into on huge traffic disaster.  Do Neo & Co. think it's OK to kill hundreds of people so they can save one, like Trinity?  There is of course the love story, but they seem to do this all the time.  Do they consider their mission so important that it is OK to let so many people get killed?