             WAS CHECHNYA BOMBING ALSO AL QAEDA?  President Putin   told NATO Secretary General George Robertson  that the bombing attack in northern Chechnya overnight   "bear[s] the same imprint"  as the attacks in Saudi Arabia, much like Colin Powell said the Riyadh attacks bear the "earmarks" of Al Qaeda.  Why would Putin say that?  The attack, unlike that in Saudi Arabia, seems to be strictly related to the conflict in Chechnya -   the building attacked  was a regional government building containing FSB and Interior Ministry offices.  The attack was clearly meant to target local pro-Russian elements.  The vehicle used was a large truck, not multiple vehicles as used in Saudi Arabia, very similar to a December attack.  The only commonalities seems to be timing - the attacks took place on the same day.  A tenuous tie could be the fact that members of the cell that probably carried out the bombing in Saudi Arabia had fought in Chechnya, but factually they are likely unrelated.    Slate's Today's Papers  even cites Izvestia for the notion that this is smuggling-related.  But the Russian Government, castigated by the West for the way it has fought the war in Chechnya, has long been trying to tie that fight to the larger international campaign against terrorism by Islamic militants.  This seems to have been an opportunity Putin couldn't resist.  Just like he couldn't resist using a tough stance in Chechnya as a launching pad for the Russian presidency.  I think the true parallel lies in the fact that terror is the tactic of underdogs who cannot mount a true military campaign and nowhere are Muslims able to overthrow their oppressive governments.  The fact that Muslims in much of the Middle East, the Caucasus, Southwest and Central Asia all are being oppressed makes it appear all these Muslims have a common cause and makes militant Islam an attractive ideology.  I believe that if there was more freedom in different parts of the Islslamic world we would see different amounts of receptivity to militant Islam.  But until that freedom exists, the war in Chechnya will probably be as much a fight against militant Islam (not just separatism) as it is in the rest of the Islamic world.