          UPDATE ON THE RIYADH BOMBING  Some say there were three attacks, accounts I have read discuss four bombing locations, though it is possible bombings damaged more than one of these locations at a time: The  Hamra , which had as many Arab as western residents, faced the main attack;  The  Granada  faced another attack;   Vinnell Corp ., a military consultancy to the Saudi National Guard, was attacked; and the  Saudi Maintenance Company  Siyanco , a joint U.S.-Saudi company with oil industry expertise. Slate's   Today's Papers  notes that no newspapers have a Riyadh byline - apparently because the Saudi government is being very tight-lipped about this attack (forget that royal family openness about the threat to Saudi Arabia from terrrorism everybody noted last week).  There is a "senior government official" being cited, with no nationality or name being given, who says Al Qaeda chatter was increasing and they likely succeeded here.  Secretary of State Powell said Al Qaeda had been weakened but was not dead; I guess this just goes to show that terrorist cells can survive serious damage to the overall network and still do a great deal of damage even if only partially successful.  There are   29 deaths, 7 Americans among the dead, and 194  total casualties according to NYT, Powell said in a Saudi Arabia press conference that   10 Americans  had died, though he later said his figures were based on earlier information and the U.S. embassy would release better figures.   No U.S. military casualties  are reported.   CNN says  9 terrorists are among the dead, and quotes Saudi Arabia's Prince Nayef as saying that the terrorists sought since last week were behind the attack.  A   British expatriate said  he thinks the attack was meant to show that foreigners are not safe anywhere in Saudi Arabia, even behind the walls of these walled and guarded compounds.  That sounds about right, though the attack on military and oil consultants seems to be sending the message that westerners will be attacked for working with the Saudi monarchy.  The attack on these foreign compounds may have also be undertaken because westerners are able to escape the strictures of Wahhabism there - women in bikinis at pools, alcohol, etc.    Intel Dump has a good analysis of why this could be Al Qaeda  based on tactics and objectives, looking at the information we have so far.