             BIG  ATTACK IN RIYADH  There have been a number of simultaneous attacks on Western areas in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.  Apparently attackers shot their way into foreign compounds (the Courdoval, Jedawal and The Hamra) and set off 4 car bombs, at least one of which could be seen from miles away.  40 Americans are reported among the approximately 60 wounded, with at least one westerner dead as well as a Saudi and a Lebanese.  This comes after the Saudis failed to capture a cell of Al Qaeda operatives, mostly Saudis with experience in Afghanistan or Chechnya. Articles:    NYT     AP     Reuters  I don't think anyone has the proof to draw the link, but this appears to be the result of failing to capture the members of the Al Qaeda cell for whom an exceptional public manhunt was launched by Saudi Arabia.  The U.S. and Australia warned of this attack and then it finally happened.  It tells you how terrorism works.  Prevention requires 100% success while terrorists can be successful part of the time or only be able to launch part of an attack (there was a large cache of explosives found last week in Riyadh) in order to have a "success." I just hope a lot of Americans and other westerners left after the warnings to Westerners rather than feeling secure inside the gated compounds in which they were attacked tonight.  Hopefully the recent decision to move American troops out of Saudi Arabia saved the lives of American soldiers or their dependents tonight.  The attacks were obviously well planned and coordinated, as the facilities which were attacked had armed guards posted, walls, and barriers   through which vehicles had to weave  in order to enter.  The cars were apparently driven by suicide bombers and had varying success.  The   New York Times  seems to have the best details of what happened in each attack, saying two vehicles exploded near rear entrances, prompting gunfire by guards, the other vehicles apparently made it inside the compounds, with one vehicle ramming a guard station at the gates, killing the guards.  Property damage, at least, appears to be very extensive.  The attack came as Colin Powell was due to arrive in Riyadh.  Powell said at a press conference in Amman that the attacks had the   earmarks of Al Qaeda .  According to a U.S. official, U.S. suspicions of Al Qaeda are based on intelligence of an attack warned of on May 1, the simultaneity of the attacks, which is an Al Qaeda trademark, and the fact that one bombed facility was near the Al Qaeda arms cache found last week.