          OH, THE THINGS I HAVE SEEN PART II  Other things I've seen in the last 24 hours: the last two    Alias   episodes from this season, the latest   Matrix animated short ,   the second X-Men movie  and an episode of    Survivor  .  My conclusions from all I've seen:   The Alias season ending was good.  I'm pretty sure the surprise at the end has something to do with Sloan's assembly of the big bad Rambaldi device.  I've been very tolerant of this show as regards the Rambaldi crap.  In my opinion the show is really about the mission-impossible/CIA stuff, not the X-files ripoff Rambaldi stuff.  The show doesn't do the X-files stuff well or even that believeably, so hopefully the pretty regular tweaking of the show will phase this stuff out.  What I'm afraid is that  next season will start with some weird rehash of the plot of    Back to the Future II  : if Syd is just able to take out Sloan's super Rambaldi Device, she'll be able to transport back in time and none of the stuff that happened in the last few minutes of the final episode will have happened.  As dumb as that sounds, the stupid Rambaldi Plot Device is such a big fudge factor and the final few episodes cranked up the   X-files  stuff up to such an extent I don't know how things will work next season.  I thought the show had taken the post-September 11 hint, but apparently not to the extent I had hoped.       The Matrix   is a great movie, hopefully a great series.  This latest short,  Second Renaissance: Part II , is the second and most relevant part of the back story to  The Matrix .    It isn't quite as nuanced as you would hope, but this  is  science fiction.  I actually didn't laugh, for the first time, at the "the machines needed power and turned to humans for a bioeletric power source" explanation for the slavery of humans.  Of course, it only makes any kind of sense to me in the short term; in the longer-term the humans should be the subject of genocide and the machines should be relying on a better source of energy, but I don't want to poke too many holes.  The short also made me realize that if the movie were actually to lead to some kind of revolution outside of the slick world of the Matrix, it would look a lot like the nightmarish machine-human war of the   Terminator  series.  And the war scenes in the short seem to make it clear that the humans are drastically inferior to the machines militarily, so any revolution will have to involve co-option of machines and an internal revolution within machine society in favor of accommodating humans.  Maybe Neo & Co. will be able to co-opt the same humanitarians that created the Matrix itself instead of just sucking the life out of the humans.      X2  was enjoyable.  I think the story wasn't insulting and there were tons of action.  What was most interesting was the management of a large ensemble cast - even bigger than that of the first movie.  Do directors do this?  Do writers?  I don't know, but whoever it was did a pretty good job of giving everyone some kind of role and even allowed for some character development.  I never read more than a few issues of X-Men, but the ending hints very strongly that the big tragedy at the end of X2 is by no means final.      Survivor .  I've only seen a couple episodes of this season, but I have become convinced that the girl voted off tonight,   Heidi , has fake boobs.  They are just too obviously disproportionate to her now bony frame.  But no, that's not why I didn't change the channel.  Not at all.