            U.S. MOVING TROOPS Does shift to southeastern Europe make presence in Kosovo indefinite?  The U.S. is planning to move troops out of Germany and Italy into new NATO countries in Eastern Europe.  Some articles make the troop shifts seem like a short-term reaction to American problems with Germany or "Old Europe" in general.  However, the moves seem longer-term, more about the flexibility U.S. forces need to have in order to maximize American power projection.  Part of the problem  is  conflict with locals over bases, but it isn't just politics - it seems the new bases will be in more rural areas rather than in highly urban western Europe, making it easier for the U.S. to move troops and materiel and expand if necessary [not to mention avoid pesky protesters].  The move to southeastern Europe would put U.S. troops closer to action in the Middle East or Southwest Asia without actually having to put them in harm's way.  See, e.g.,  the unfortunate bombings in Beirut, Lebanon in 1983 and Dhahran, Saudi Arabia (Khobar Towers) in 1996.  One interesting point regarding the possible moving of U.S. troops was that Camp Bondsteel in Kosovo was on the list of bases   the L.A. Times  believed might receive more troops.  To me that would signal that Kosovo was going to be home to U.S. troops for a long time.  I can imagine that would have good consequences.  It would be a good place for soldiers on their way to fighting elsewhere to learn something about peacekeeping, which increasingly seems to be a more difficult role than actual warfighting for American troops.  This also lets the U.S. put off the final status issues regarding Kosovo, which are rather problematic.  Basing American troops there for reasons unrelated to maintaining order in Kosovo, however, would help propagate the idea that the U.S. intends to keep Kosovo as a protectorate in southeastern Europe.  If American troops are to be based there until the need for European-based troops to deal with problems in the Middle East goes away, our soldiers could be in Kosovo for a very long time to come.