            SHOULD THE U.S. BE RUTHLESS IN IRAQ?  Yesterday I read   an article  in Slate by David Plotz, the gist of which was that the U.S. should be ruthless in engaging Iraqi resistance and "spoilers" so as to establish order.  The article was interesting - I think Machiavelli was on to something in terms of governance - but I wonder if the "ruthless engagement" theory is the way the U.S. should rule in Iraq, especially if we want the Iraqis to think of Americans as liberators.   The cases I am thinking of are Mosul and Falluja, both towns with significant anti-American populations from the pro-Saddam Arab Sunni minority that used to be in charge.  In both Mosul and Falluja, the Americans fired into protesting crowds to disperse them and apparently hurt children.  At least fifteen civilians were shot and killed by Americans over the last week in Falluja.  This seems like the robust engagement Plotz is talking about.  It just seems that it hasn't had the effect of forcing people to go back to their homes, in fact it has led to anti-American violence - someone   threw a grenade  at an American base, wounding seven soldiers.  Is the U.S. going to send more troops into Falluja?  They have already beefed up the troop presence in Mosul and have moved to disarm the peshmerga (I don't know if U.S. forces have tried to disarm Baath supporters in Mosul, but my money says they're working hard on this).     The ruthless engagement theory would support doing all of these things.  But I don't think the ruthless engagement rule provides the right framework for dealing with angry crowds.  Shooting to disperse crowds will only inflame locals and convince them Americans aren't the good guys.  Civilians will inevitably be shot along with gunmen.  We also see divergent stories emerging.  The soldiers don't seem to be telling the complete truth about being shot at or about shooting accurately at gunmen.  Anti-American locals spread rumors that Americans are shooting entirely indiscriminately at civilians protesting peacefully.  It doesn't matter which side is right, only that locals are turned against the Americans once they shoot into crowds.  The result: the protests get bigger, Americans have more difficulty controlling them, security threats increase and the populace suddenly hates its would-be liberators.  These problems would seem to be directly traceable to a ruthless engagement strategy.   The problem with ruthless engagement is that Americans aren't just operating on the Machiavellian level in Iraq.  We  are  trying to do good and win hearts and minds.  The Iraqi counter-strategy seems to be to require Americans to attack ruthlessly and harm civilians because we don't have the manpower or knowledge to act in a way more narrowly tailored toward getting the bad guys.  It's the anti-Mogadishu strategy.  In Mogadishu fighters used civilians as shields knowing Americans would hesitate before shooting at them.  If Americans follow a ruthless engagement strategy, Iraqi troublemakers will know that Americans will try to shoot them, so they join or organize civilian crowds to protect themselves.  I wonder if the fact that Americans will be forced to kill civilians trying to defend themselves from shooters in the crowd goes into their calculations.     I don't have a great answer, but I think ruthless engagement is a bad way to deal with protesting crowds.