          CAIN'S MILIEU  I finished reading  The Postman Always Rings Twice  and most of the short stories in the book and it was interesting how in several different stories he built up an odd and interesting world.  He uses an observant first person narrator in several of his stories and the protagonist is very often sort of a drifter/bum type of guy with a sketchy past at bit at odds with those he meets who are rooted in, or occasionally trapped in, the not always humdrum world of Depression-era southern California.  He uses some of the same material in  Postman  that he uses in  Baby in the Icebox,  notably wild cats and tigers in odd non-circus settings, like a roadside zoo.  He also uses the same basic premises of the observant drifter/mechanic who ends up watching domestic friction grow in small roadside gasoline stand/motel settings in L.A. county.  I should look up more of the origins of both stories - I would bet that he wrote  Baby in the Icebox  first, as a short-story writer, then when he had his first shot at writing a novel for a big publisher he took the most interesting elements of a good story and worked them into a different story because he knew they worked.    After reading  Pastorale , sort of a modern folk tale, I wonder where he gets the odd dialect he uses.  His characters use this phrase I've never heard, "hope my die" instead of something like "I sure hope" (I'm just analogizing roughly without digging the book back out).  The introduction says he spent time in West Virginia, I wonder if it isn't a localism from somewhere up in the hills and hollers.  I think I'll read  Double Indemnity  tomorrow, which I think has something to do with insurance.  Insurance is oddly enough part of Cain's world as well, apparently he had some experience in the business, which he uses (rather confusingly, I must say) to some extent in  Postman .  I'm also trying to figure out why he titled it  The Postman Always Rings Twice .  Was it something to do with the two attempts at murder?  A larger theme of the book?  Or did I just happen to miss some telling incident with a mailman as I read the story this morning.  I'll look at it again to try to figure that out.