          AMERICAN SPLENDOR   This movie has received tremendous reviews and I can't disagree.  It's sad, sweet, and often funny.  I can understand the stuff the guy has to go through and the loneliness of his grinding life.    I also feel like the movie did a good job of capturing the essence of Harvey Pekar, the author of the autobiographical  American Splendor  underground comic books series.  Pekar seems like a guy with depressive tendencies for whom life turned out to be worthwhile even thought it's often painful and lonely (the filmmakers make sure you get this point by showing Pekar surrounded by family and friends at his retirement at the end of the movie).  The movie is interesting because of its characters.  Harvey, his friend Toby, and his wife Joyce seem to be movie caricatures until the moviemakers actually introduce you to the real people.  These people are unstylish, odd and unwilling to assimilate into ordinary society or go along with other people's BS.  They scorn yuppies and fashion and aren't overly concerned about cleanliness.  I mean, their lives revolve around underground comics, for God's sake!    They are therefore thoroughly interesting characters in a society where most people are blissfully ignorant and bourgeois.    The movie is also interesting technically.  It shifts constantly between the narrative story, in which Paul Giamatti grimaces his way through Harvey's life as a lonely file clerk/autobiographical comics writer, and biographical interviews the actual Harvey Pekar, his wife Joyce and his friend Toby.  You are introduced to this technique early on - the scratchy voice-over you hear at the beginning of the movie turns out to be the real Harvey Pekar, and he continues to comment on the actors' performances and the progress of the movie and his own life.  The movie even mixes in animation with live action.  This self-conscious and commentatorial technique fits  American Splendor  rather well.  After all, the movie is about an autobiographical writer who writes comics, which are often filled with the interior thoughts of their characters.    I'm no film buff, but I do watch a decent amount of movies.  I would say that I was "prepared" for this technique by seeing  Adaptation , which had similar metafictional self-references and tormented characters, and  A Mighty Wind , which had some of the same dry documentary humor.  On a final, more personal note, I took notice of how Harvey Pekar became a more studious observer of life once he started writing  American Splendor . I certainly feel more like a more studious observer of life now that I write this blog.