          THE MATRIX REVOLUTIONS TRAILER   Scene-by-scene rundown on what happens in the new  Matrix: Revolutions  trailer.  All this takes place in 1 minute, 20 seconds, by the way.   Warning : I refer to information from  Matrix: Reloaded .  If you haven't seen that, you may want to before reading this.  VOICEOVER [older woman (sounds like Oracle)]: "Everything that has a beginning has an end."  [dramatic, rythmic music rises]  Camera comes into focus, turning, to show Neo lying on something grayish-white (made of metal?) in black shirt/tie/jacket.  He appears to be waking up.  Somebody is seen from the back watching data on screens in a ship.  I don't recognize him from the previous films.  Flashes of Morpheus turning fading to Neo picking himself off the ground surrounded by glass, then fading to Trinity taking off her sunglasses.  VOICEOVER [older woman]: "I see the end coming."  Cut to CGI/artwork mega-machine - it appears massive and menacing, Gigeresque.  It seems to have an opening maw.  Electricity arcs across it in several places.  VOICEOVER [older woman]: "I see the darkness spreading."  The fluorescent lights in a utilitarian concrete grayish/green and white underground passageway successively wink out from the back of the passageway.  Cut to Asian martial artist program (Seraph) from  Reloaded  spin-kicking what appears to be a bad guy in the face.  Scene is in a rain-slicked parking lot with some nice cars.  The parking lot may be the same as that seen in  Reloaded .  Cut to Neo standing in high-collared outfit at night in torrential rain.  Go from black screen to show ex-Agent Smith wading out to the double-lined center of a city street in torrential rain.  He appears to be flanked on both sides of the street by an infinite army of Smiths and turns to face the camera (Neo).  VOICEOVER [older woman]: "I see death."  Cut to Smith, sans sunglasses, LAUGHING with sinister glee and standing in an apartment kitchen. Two cupboard doors are open and their contents have been pushed around.  The apartment looks to be that of the Oracle.  If so, Smith is looking toward the kitchen doorway.  Go from white screen to show what appears to be a Zion ship in a cavern full of machinery or detritus.  Quick cut to goateed guy with sensor on his forehead opening his eyes.  This appears to be the man who lay opposite Neo at the end of  Reloaded .  He is the human "download" of a Smith.  Quick cut to Link pointing a gun-like weapon to the left.  It is probably one of those electric shock weapons humans use on sentinels (and occasionally on each other).  Quick cut to Persephone in red leather and matching lipstick.  Shadows in the background may be Trinity and another person with a long-handled weapon, likely one of Merovingian's henchmen.  Quick cut to subway train hurtling toward the camera.  Quick cut to a swarm of sentinels, which appear to have evolved to look more like skeletal fish than octopi.  Maybe these are a new type of sentinel like that launched at Nebuchadnezzar at the end of  Reloaded .  Smith faces past camera standing in torrential rain.  Lightning flashes.  He says sarcastically:   SMITH: "Mr. Anderson, welcome back. . . We missed you."  Cut to Neo facing back at Smith.  He says:  NEO: "It ends tonight."  [choral/symphonic music rises]  Both men are shown clenching fists.  Cut to show an explosion filling a cavernous factory-like structure with walkways.  The structure's vertical orientation is shifted left to about 10:00.  This looks like the mechanical heart of Zion.  Fade to Link again, he has a weapon with a bright light at its end.  Is it firing?  He appears to be out in the wasteland of Earth, like near the end of  Reloaded .  Fade to show Seraph drawing two pistols upwards from his stomach, a la Hong Kong action flicks.  Fade to Trinity, impassive.  Hulking machine creatures are shown walking across the scorched Earth like massive potato bugs.  Electricity flashes across the machines and in the sky as the screen fades to black.  A pair of futuristic but weathered doors open to show a green neon-lit club, where Morpheus and Trinity stand with both arms straight out, pointing guns at the crowd. Green light is at eye level.  Cut to Neo's back as he walks up the street toward Smith in the torrential rain.    Neo looks to his right to see a horde of Smiths making varying grimaces in his direction from the side of the street.  The far side of the street is also packed 2-and 3-deep with Smiths.  VOICEOVER [older woman]: "You are all that stands in his way."  The screen cuts quickly from Neo's vantage, showing Smith at a short distance, somewhat obscured by rain, to show Neo the same way from Smith's perspective.  VOICEOVER [older woman]: "If you cannot stop him tonight, then I fear that tomorrow may never come."   Water flies off both Neo and Smith as they begin to run toward each other and the camera looks down upon them as they reach one another in the center of the screen.  Smith and Neo punch each other at the same time, sending each other flying.  Cut to Trinity, leaping to avoid bullets being fired at her by a dust-obscured figure in a room with thick, bullet-riddled columns.  She flips clockwise from behind a column.  Cut to two men standing, struggling over what appears to be a firing electricity weapon in what looks like a ship.  Maybe this is the Smith-programmed human (Wurm, right?) struggling with whoever is manning the ship while the regulars are in the Matrix.  Cut to Morpheus, Seraph, and Trinity lined up firing guns at off-screen bad guys.  Possibly as a result, we see a bald guy wearing sunglasses, a guy with a helmet (or hood?), and a woman with a braid flying up into the air and losing control of weapons.  They are in a room with thick columns like that where Trinity was seen flipping away from a person shooting.  Trinity is next seen arms spread, kicking into the ribs of a man hanging from the ceiling who is wearing some kind of SWAT-type get-up with a black mask/hood.  Quick cut to what appears to be an explosion in human technology - maybe another shot of what I suppose is the Zion explosion?  Quick cut to what appears to be a man in black jumpsuit, like the hooded man, fighting a man in lighter clothing ON THE CEILING of the room where the explosion blew the sunglasses-wearer, the helmeted or hooded guy and the woman with the braid upward.  Cut to Seraph pointing a pistol at a long-haired person with a pistol who is mostly obscured (a woman?) despite being surrounded by thugs pointing guns at him.  One of the men pointing a pistol at Seraph appears to be wearing a white gas mask.  The obscured long-haired person has a fingerless glove, and the others seem to be wearing odd clothing.  Unless I'm wrong, one of them seems to be wearing something made of latex with space for his face cut out.  (Extremely wierd).  The bald sunglasses-wearing man who Seraph kicked in the face at the beginning of the trailer is seen grimacing and pointing a pistol.  Trinity, to his side but behind him from the viewer's perspective, pulls up his arm so he cannot hit what he is aiming at.  Quick cut to a scene of the hulking bug-like machines marching over the Earth's surface.  One is struck by lightning.  Quick cut to a hand in shiny leather (Trinity's?) pointing a pistol across the screen.  Persephone and Merovingian are out of focus in the background.  In the neon-green light of what appears to be the club, Trinity swings a pistol in her hand, setting its muzzle on Merovingian's forehead.  He stands, impassive.  Cut to a close-shorn woman behind a twisted metal barricade grimacing as she fires a double-barreled bazooka.  A black woman with a wedding ring (Zee?) covers her ears and ducks down next to her.  This, I guess, is part of the defense to an attack on Zion.  Cut to a human ship hurtling past surrounded by octopus-shaped sentinels.  The sentinels seem to be pouring in through a side of a cavern, or possibly a hole punched in the side of Zion's fortifications.  There are swarms of them everywhere.  Cut to Morpheus and Niobe at the controls of a swooping ship.  Morpheus strains in his seat as Niobe flies the ship.  Morpheus may be targeting some kind of weapon.  Cut to two humans in large "mecha"-style exoskeleton armor walking down a grate near the front gate of Zion.  I'd estimate the things are 15 feet tall, no different than those seen in  Reloaded   Cut to a view from a ship cockpit as a sentinel attacks.  Cut to some kind of explosion rising up inside a round concrete structure through a metal structure.  Cut to Morpeus appearing from behind a column with two assault weapons raised.  He begins firing both.  Cut to Trinity and Neo in a big kiss.  Cut to wounded armored fighter yelling as he faces what looks light an unbeatable enemy.  He's probably making a last stand against sentinels.  Cut to sentinels moving in swarms, from left and right, down, and toward the camera.  Quick cut to Seraph bringing two pistols up near his head and re-clenching them.  This is probably the completion of the earlier snippet where he picks up the pistols.  Cut to Trinity kicking masked/hooded SWAT guy in the face.  He's standing, not attached to the ceiling.  He's also wearing some kind of collar around his neck and a similar item on his arm.  Cut to Morpheus in a club scene - some kind of S &amp; M club?  Morpheus appears to be taking a man trying to fire a gun at him and turning him upside down so that the guy fires away from Morpheus.  Cut to Trinity running to embrace Neo in a suit, feeling seems to be "Oh, you're alright! Thank God!"  Cut to Morpheus and Link with lights on walking through what looks like a wrecked building whose walls are still partially standing.  Cut to a ship going over a number of standing figures.  I think the "standing figures" are actually the towers of the human harvesting "fields."  I think so because in the background walking "vehicles" can be seen patrolling or harvesting the "fields."  Cut to Neo seen in a building through a hole punched in the brick exterior wall and several interior rooms' walls.  The camera rushes in on Neo.  Neo, seen from behind now, straightens and jumps upward, revealing the hole (through which we just saw him) just in time to avoid the onrushing Smith.  Smith, sneering with his hands raised like claws, flies directly at the viewer.  END WITH GREEN MATRIX TEXT: MATRIX REVOLUTIONS, to the beat of drums.  So, what will we see?  Here are my speculations:  There will be a sentinel invasion of Zion.  It will probably kill many, many humans, as they will be utterly outmatched by the sentinels.  The giant hulking Gigeresque bugs are factories/breeders of the new, ultra-deadly sentinels that look more like fish than octopi.  A final, climactic faceoff between Neo and Smith will probably determine whether Smith, the cancer on the Matrix, kills Neo and all humans outside Zion.  Neo wins, of course, but is fatally wounded.  Neo will figure out a way to kill the sentinels at the last minute, after killing Smith, before he dies (Somehow Neo's ability to stop one dead at the end of  Reloaded  has to be relevant to this movie).  Whether Neo wins or not will matter a great deal to the machine/program world as Smith threatens their existence too.  There will therefore be a "revolution" of sorts in the machine world and the good machines will join forces with Neo &amp; Co.  There will be a big fight scene involving Morpheus, Trinity and Seraph in an S &amp; M club.  Trinity and Morpheus going back to Merovingian and Persephone for more information.  Smith will kill the Oracle by finding her somehow.  A new oracle-like program of some kind will talk to Neo.  There will be a final return by the ship captains to save Zion.  Most will be killed, including Niobe's boyfriend Commander Whatsisname and Niobe and Morpheus will live happily ever after.  Trinity, on the other hand, will have to live with the death of Neo.  We'll see the outside world, the human harvesting arrangements there, and maybe the crew of Nebuchadnezzar seeking information on the surface of the Earth.  There will be a big fight between the downloaded Smith and the guy on the ship reading the data whose face you don't see in the trailer.