          THE SOURCE OF THE BOMB   Yesterday on the BBC I heard a British terrorism expert say that the truck bombing appears to have required a certain amount of expertise.   The type of expertise that Al Qaeda and few others have.  This made it seem like Al Qaeda involvement was a strong possibility.  But the FBI appears to disagree.   Special Agent Thomas Fuentes, examining the blast site, told AP   We believe it (the bomb) was made from existing military ordnance. . . . I cannot say that it required any great degree of sophistication or expertise to create . Rather than hidden in a cement mixer as previously supposed by the U.S. government, the bomb is believed to have been driven in by a suicide bomber on a Soviet KAMAZ flatbed.  Anthony Shadid, who really seems to have the most interesting stories coming out of Iraq, has an   audio piece for the  Post  , in which he says that the attackers used a 500 pound Soviet-made bomb and nearly 1,000 pounds of mortars, artillery shells, grenades, tearing down a protective wall and penetrating 3 floors of the hotel the UN used as its headquarters.  All this evidence indicates less need for Al Qaeda's bomb-rigging expertise than access to heavy Iraqi military munitions.  I would like to know more about the proliferation of weapons into civilian hands.  Everybody and their mother seems to have access to RPGs over there, but to what extent have Coalition forces been able to maintain control of heavy weapons?    I don't know, but I assume that U.S. and British forces have locked up Iraq's old heavy weaponry and civilians are effectively denied access to Saddam's arsenals.  I also assume that Special Agent Fuentes was right in saying that this weapon was an Iraqi weapon, not from Syria, who I believe also had Soviet military assistance.  That may or may not be true, depending on whether you believe the rumors that Iran and Syria are trying to disrupt efforts at rebuilding Iraq.  If both these assumptions are true, I believe there are only two ways that these weapons could come into the hands of the attackers:    Knowledgeable ex-military people could have broken in and stolen weapons from Saddam's arsenals they knew were there.    The attackers could have obtained the weapons from Iraqi ex-military types who saved these weapons for a rainy day.  I think that in either case, knowledge only people with military experience could have was necessary to get these weapons.  That leads me to believe that Baathists were behind this attack, acting either alone or in concert with Islamists, because Islamists could not have procured these weapons without help.