          PATRIOT ACT DEFENSE   I saw Georgetown Law Professor Viet Dinh on PBS's  Newshour  tonight promoting the USA Patriot Act.  Now that Attorney General Ashcroft is out defending the Act, it's not suprising Dinh would be on PBS to do the same, even though he's gone back to Georgetown.  Dinh was one the Act's principal authors.    Dinh sparred with Laura Murphy of the ACLU.  While there was a little bit of rancor between the two, Dinh was more subdued than I'd seen him in similar defenses of the Patriot Act.  I'm not a fan of the Patriot Act, and there were a few weak spots in Dinh's argument.  After Murphy brought up the numerous resolutions expressing concern with the Patriot Act, Dinh said the states' and localities' complaints were not condemnations of the Patriot Act, just expressions of concern that it be applied constitutionally.    Murphy came after him on that, breaking the normal question-by-question decorum, saying that a couple resolutions condemned the Act and its application.  I think Dinh then said that the DOJ isn't using the USA Patriot Act to violate the Constitution or suggesting that states or localities use it for that purpose either.  That wasn't a great response, as the next thing raised was the DOJ Inspector General's report that said DOJ was misusing the USA Patriot Act.  Dinh called those violations "regrettable," I think, but to me the point was made.  Dinh, Attorney General Ashcroft, and others are promoting the USA Patriot Act as a preemptive strike against terrorism, and Americans should trust that the Act won't be misused.  But DOJ's IG found misuses of the Act that are hard to ignore.    Should Congress do nothing?  Those implementing the USA Patriot Act have occasionally misused the Act.  If continued monitoring shows misuse won't happen should we give them another chance?  Well, to me, trust of government isn't a powerful constitutional value.  The executive branch has a duty to implement the Constitution, but there is a countervening need here to fight terrorism, and overzealousness is reasonably possible.    I think Congress isn't out of line to be interested in checking excesses in enforcement of the Patriot Act or trying to eliminate unpopular provisions.  In fact I'm happy Congress is concerned enough to act as a watchdog on the Act's enforcement.   UPDATE:    A transcript of the interview  is now up at PBS.  See if it says what I thought it did.