          WHO WAS BEHIND THE TRUSTEESHIP IDEA?   Though the trusteeship idea now seems moot with a peace deal being announced, who floated the idea remains unclear, at least to me.  The August 16    New York Times  article  discussing trusteeship in Liberia makes it seem like the idea was a trial balloon being floated by UN Special Representative Jacques Paul Klein.  A journalist from IPS even quotes an unnamed African diplomat    as saying : "I think Klein is floating a trial balloon to see which way the wind is blowing" Not that I would trust that diplomat, or for that matter, Thalif Deen, who wrote the story, seeing as the unnamed diplomat goes on to say: "He [Klein]probably wants to run Liberia the way he did Bosnia and Eastern Slovenia." Klein was   Transitional Administrator for the UN  in  Eastern Slavonia , a war-ravaged part of Croatia.  Slovenia is in the Balkans, but it's hard to confuse the two.    Other stories quote Klein as dismissing the idea of trusteeship in Liberia.    This article  in the  Christian Science Monitor  says  "Some observers suggest establishing a UN trusteeship to rule and rehabilitate the country - an idea the UN special representative, Jacques Klein, rejects."   This  Reuters  article  even quotes Klein directly rejecting the idea of trusteeship: Various proposals have been mooted to end Liberia's spiral of violence, among them to make the country a U.N. trusteeship until a stable system of government is established.  But on the fringes of the Ghana talks, U.N. Special Envoy Jacques Paul Klein poured cold water on the suggestion.  "I'm not really happy about that idea. That suggests that we are starting from tabula rasa, from scratch," he told Reuters.  "There are talented and able Liberians in the diaspora, some of whom I have personally worked with. With the right kind of technocrats, you don't need Liberia to become a U.N. trusteeship," added the former U.S. Air Force major-general. So where did the  New York Times ' article come from?  Was this trusteeship idea a trial balloon being floated by Klein?  Tim Weiner's article , bylined Monrovia, says "international officials, diplomats and aid workers here."  Weiner also seems to have talked to UN officials, plural, about this idea, and when the article was written, Klein was in Accra, Ghana.  These aspects of the article make it seem like Klein is not the sole source of the article.    But Klein's shadow seems to loom over the article - it is based on discussions with UN officials, but names none.  The article has information on Klein's background and experience in the Balkans.  The article seems to have been a very well-designed trial balloon that allowed Klein to appear an impartial arbiter in Liberian peace negotiations.  I wonder if Klein didn't talk to the  New York Times  in order to put pressure on the parties to agree to power-sharing before international support grew for international administration that would take away local politicians' and rebel groups' power.