          TRUSTEESHIP     This article  in the  New York Times  seems to say that Jacques Klein, the United Nations special representative for Liberia, supports trusteeship for Liberia.  Or at least the former American major general and diplomat is floating a trial balloon for this idea.  Trusteeship would mean control by the international community not for an interim period, as in most UN rebuilding projects, but indefinitely - until Liberians are able to run their own country.  Interestingly, some amount of foreign administration in Liberia   isn't a new idea .  I came across a   September 1922 article  on this point in  The Atlantic  in looking up "  trusteeship in Liberia " on Google.  Trusteeship certainly sounds better than setting up a local democracy that would fall like a house of cards once foreign troops leave.  When I think about whether Liberians would support this, I think of their election of Charles Taylor as president.  To me this indicates that Liberians are interested in security first and democracy second.  If international administration could be shown to bring real improvements in the lives of Liberians, the people of Liberia would probably accept it until their country has stabilized enough for sustainable democracy.  Trusteeship instead of interim administration seems like a positive step rather than a negative one, despite its association with colonialism.  For example, the international community effectively has interim administration forever in Kosovo, but doesn't admit this and won't resolve Kosovo's end status.  By comparison, trusteeship - international control until a country or region is ready for self-rule - seems more honest.  An internationally trusteeship would mean international control until countries have changed sufficiently from their degraded states to justify self-rule, which is the way it really works anyway.    Would the U.S. leave Afghanistan or Iraq if those countries weren't ready for self-rule?  No.  The U.S. won't leave Afghanistan or Iraq until those countries are ready (unless they become military or financial burdens we won't bear, but that's beside the point).  But we aren't being honest with ourselves about the long-term nature of our commitment to these countries.  The Bish Administration won't make specific plans about leaving and won't inform Congress of the full cost of occupying Iraq so that it can be budgeted.  The United States is effectively involved in those countries until they are improved to a level that satisfies American security needs.  That level is probably functioning national-scale government and functional market democracy, which is in line with the requirements of trusteeship  At least an international trusteeship would be an honest contract between failed developing states and the West: you've failed to rule your country effectively, so we will.  But we won't give up on you until you're ready to stand on your own two feet.    In order for there to be international trusteeship in Liberia, the international community would have to work around the UN, because   Article 78  of the UN Charter doesn't allow member states to enter trusteeship.  But that kind of adhockery probably suits the Bush Administration, which would probably have to be involved in rebuilding Liberia.