          A LITTLE VIRAL MARKETING   When I was down in Dupont Circle writing up   my post on Ollie Fries  I saw a box out of which people were picking up CDs.  Somebody had scrawled "TAKE ONE" in blue pen on the side.  There were actually DVDs in cheap paper-and-cellophane covers inside, all with this message written on the top, as if with a Sharpie: DVD BOOTLEG  SICK!  "SIN EATING" SCENE  FROM THE MOVIE THE ORDER At first, I actually thought that someone had written this message in marker on each one, but it was the same on all the DVDs.    I took the "DVD BOOTLEG" home and checked it out.  On it is a 3 minute, 5 second clip with running clocks on the top and bottom, probably counting frames.  At the top of the grainy picture is the tag "PROPERTY OF TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX."  This is probably to enhance the illicit "bootleg" quality and drive viral marketing.  The clip showed an odd kind of exorcism performed by a young non-priest, watched by a man in a collar I recognized as Heath Ledger.    After all the mystical ritual details (runic writing, chanting in Greek, etc.), the non-priest said "I forgive you" and a demonic thing rose from the bedridden guy's chest and was swallowed by the non-priest.  What jarred me, as a Catholic, was that the non-priest said "I forgive you."  It seems that he wasn't expelling demons but rather forgiving sins.  Forgiving sins is something for the Church to do, on behalf of God, and once sins are absolved, they certainly aren't swallowed by the absolving priest.  Having some guy take your sins upon himself hasn't happened since, well, Jesus had himself nailed to a cross.    The clip ended with some mildly disturbing hallucinatory images following the swallowing of the guy's "sins."  Interested, I went to the   Yahoo! Movies  website for   The Order  and read a bit about it.  Seems like the movie is about an investigation by a young priest into the phenomenon depicted in the "bootleg" clip, which is bad news because it seems somebody figured out a way to break the church's sole control over the forgiveness of sins [  Matthew 16:13-19 ].  I'm guessing it sets off a cascade of apocalyptic events, evil actions by rogue Opus Dei wannabes, and clueless investigator Heath Ledger figures it all out and stops the world from ending.    So, yeah . . .  My guess is that if you're a big freemason/trilateral commission/papist conspiracy nut or saw that movie  Stigmata , you'll love this . . .  As viral marketing, this was pretty good.  A decent number of people picked up the DVD, some of whom probably wouldn't see trailers for the movie in theaters.  Dupont Circle on a Friday night was probably a good location so people would pick them up, and the "sick" tag probably helped Fox or their marketers let adults know not to show the clip in front of kids.  I took the clip home, watched it twice and looked up the movie online.  I had zero awareness of the movie before, and now I'm certainly interested.  Good job Twentieth Century Fox.