           THE SECRET OF OLLIE FRIES   Ollie's Trolley is one of my favorite spots to eat in D.C.  I've had most everything on the menu over the years and it's all good, but Ollie's is most famous for its spice-covered Ollie fries.   I hadn't been to Ollie's in about a year and I wanted to figure out what was in Ollie's spices that made those fries so good.  Oh, and I needed an excuse to get out of the house, so this seemed like a great idea.    I headed down to Farragut North and got to Ollie's just before 6:00 - closing time.  I hadn't been there in more than a year, but nothing had changed.  I ordered a cheesesteak, Ollie fries, and a Sprite. $8.00 of greasy glory.  Eating at Ollie's doesn't fit into any diet I know of, but everybody needs to eat like this every so often just to break the monotony of eating things like oversteamed broccoli and soggy pasta with sauce from a jar.  As I stood at the counter after ordering, I noticed a small handwritten paper sign near the fryers saying "home of the world famous Ollie Fries" and remembered why I was there: to figure out what made the fries so tasty.     So I asked the owner what spices they put on the fries.  He told me it was a mix of 24 different spices, though not surprisingly he didn't mention what they were.  I asked him if he had come up with the spices himself.  He said his uncle actually came up with the spice combination more than 50 years ago.  The recipe was something his uncle came up with at home, and its popularity with family and friends was the impetus for starting the original Ollie's (which was actually in a trolley).  He said things like burgers, fries, and cheesesteaks came later.  I don't know when they added tabbouleh and the rest of the Lebanese menu, but I'm pretty sure the owner's family is Lebanese.  The owner said McDonald's started out with seasoned fries like Ollie's (obviously that's now changed).  Quite the interesting factoid.  I wasn't surprised that McDonald's quality had slipped over the years, probably because of cost.  He said that he spent $6.00 for every pound of the spice mix.  I'd guess that's probably a lot more than he spent on the potatoes the spices are put on.    Ollie's greasy-spoon uniqueness is really what makes it great.  The place is decorated with handmade signs offering all sorts of deals.  One I noticed was a marker drawing of a guy in a jacket and backwards hat with an enormous clock around his neck like Flava Flave of Public Enemy.  The reason for the sign: a discount on orders of small fries after 5:00pm.  That sign has probably been on the wall since Public Enemy first made it big.  I asked my brother Gabe, distinguished chemical scientist (erm, electrical engineering grad student) that he is, if rigorous scientific analysis would help me figure out what Ollie's put on their fries.  He said it would take a large sample to do an organic chemistry-style analysis, more than I could get from an order of fries.  So I decided a little amateur eyeballing of the spices themselves was the best I could do.    I took some time in the park at Dupont Circle to watch the poker players and chess games, listen to a DJ play reggae for no one in particular, and analyze my sample - leftover fries from Ollie's.  Here's what I believe are the ingredients:  sesame seeds;  red pepper flakes;  salt;  poppy seeds;  some kind of long thin striped seed like anise;   another thin seed, but smaller and brown;  rosemary;  paprika; maybe cumin;   black pepper;  green pepper seeds (not hot, so probably not Jalapeno seeds);  some small round tan/brown-colored seeds.  Well, that leaves only about 15 more spices to figure out and I've, um, inadvertently destroyed my sample.  If you're interested in figuring out why Ollie's fries are so good, I'd advise you make an independent investigation down at Ollie's Trolley, 1426 L Street, NW Washington D.C.