          ANSAR'S RETURN?   After Ambassador Bremer made the point of saying Al Qaeda-tied Islamist group Ansar al-Islam had risen from the dead (U.S. Special Forces and Kurdish Peshmerga routed them during the war), it appears the  New York Times  made a point of looking up the veracity of that claim.    Neil MacFarquhar's story , "Rising Tide of Islamic Militants See Iraq as Ultimate Battlefield" outlines some of the few details known about the surreptitious return of this group - several Iraqis, a Palestinian, and a Tunisian were arrested recently, it is believed that 150-odd Ansar members have recently returned to Iraq, and Ansar's spiritual leader has called the struggle like that of the mujahideen in Afghanistan.  Then the story adds parts about the bombing of the Jordanian embassy in Baghdad.  The story says that the attack on the Jordanian embassy was likely the work of militants.  What I would be careful to say is that the militants that attacked the Jordanian embassy are probably  not  from Ansar al-Islam.  Ansar operated primarily in Kurdish areas, as the article implies but does not clearly state, and an operation in Baghdad by that group is, in my view, unlikely.  In the embassy bombing we may be dealing with an Islamist threat, but it is more likely a central Iraqi, non-Kurdistan-based group behind that attack than Ansar al-Islam.    This article  from the  Sunday Times  of London says that a new group further south in Iraq, Jaish Muhammad, blending Al Qaeda leaders and Iraqi foot soldiers, has launched sophisticated attacks against American targets, but this story isn't being widely followed.  If it were more than just rumor the  New York Times  would probably have printed something about that, at least I hope they would have.  The article does state the right numbers - there are only a couple hundred Ansar members probably still able to undertake operations, and we know little of any other Islamist threat, but with more than 9000 people fighting a guerrilla war against the U.S./UK occupation, these Islamists seem less a rising tide than a drop in the ocean.   UPDATE:    The U.S. military  is  in fact focusing on Ansar  in investigating who was behind the Jordanian embassy bombing . . . . maybe because Ansar was involved in car bombings near its former enclave in northern Iraq.