Nothing much here new and exciting. Chris-John is doing great. He is turning into a sales machine. He would do better if the Sprint store that he worked at did more business but he got a shout out from one of the higher ups in the company that got forwarded on to the COO. The move that I just did was for my company. We basically moved from one side of 37 to the other side. But John and I are getting ready to move to his childhood home in Whiteland. His mom is going to charge us cheap rent so that we can save up to buy our own house (or that one if we feel froggy) and get married.  With that said John has been doing serious talking about marriage and where we want to get married. Anyone feeling another trip to Vegas? Nothing definate but it is in the works. I know Em would like that because she can revist the strip club that she enjoyed so much.  Cara-If your a dork than we are all dorks. I am so addicted to Sims haven't gotten the newest one yet but it's only a matter of time. They also have it for the Playstation and Game Cube and I think that I am going to have John buy the version for Game Cube for our drive to New York in a month. His cousin is graduating and the family is having a big party. Aida and Steve just bought a van that has a TV and VCR in it and we are all taking that to save on money. Aida told us that we just have to buy a tank of gas for it. I am also looking forward to American Idol. I'm voting for Rueban since Kimberly got voted off. I like Clay and would listen to him but Rueban would be the person that I would buy his album.  'Rissa-that is so sweet about your grandma. And what was your dad thinking about calling you during Friends. Unfortunately I missed the last 2 Friends episodes but John nows not to bother me on Thursdays night and than its mutal for tuesday evenings at 9 b/c we watch 24. That show is AWESOME! It has the coolest storylines.  Talking about dorky things I think that John and I are going to karoke night with the geek squad from my work tomorrow at Bullwinkles. We went one other time and cracked up the whole time at the people singing. John and I ended up playing pool and kicking the geek squad's butt. I mean if I can play pool you would think that even geeky boys could. What is the world coming too. One kid said that if it was virtual pool he would have the table cleaned up. More later kiddos I gotta get back to my rough job teching books and listening to my headphones.