The rain is just coming down here!  Wow!  Glad I made it inside before it hit.  Mondays that are dark like this just make it all the much harder to get out of bed.  Especially since I slept in the car most of yesterday afternoon and had trouble getting to sleep last night.  I went with my parents up to the Big Brown reunion and we had a pretty good time.  I got to see family I didn't know I had and wouldn't be able to pick out of a line up.  We ate way too much food and had some kind of crappy homemade ice cream (I didn't think it was possible to make bad homemade ice cream, but apparently it is).  I got to see Zach and Abby and I finally got to see her scar and gimpy leg outside the wlaking cast.  Her scar is only about 4 inches long, which is much shorter than I thought it was going to be.  For those of you who don't know what happened to my accident-prone cousin (yes, it's genetic), about two weeks before the end of school, Abby tripped getting out of the shower and fell into a mirror that didn't have a frame and cut her leg open.  She sliced some tendons in the side of her ankle and had to have surgery immediately.  She's fine now and walking on it and she taught herself to drive with her left foot so she wasn't home-bound or dependent on people for rides.  It was about all I could do to keep her on her crutches; she liked to hop around on one foot and practice walking on her gimpy leg before the doctor said it was alright.  Yes, we're all accident prone and stubborn.  Luckily we're quick healers, too. :)  I just can't believe that it's the middle of June already and that Summer Solstice is this weekend.  This has been one of the quickest weeks ever.  And Summer Session 1 is over this week, too, so my students are pretty excited about the change of classes.  It's just wild!  Mom always said time sped up when you got older; I had no idea it would go this fast.  Anyway, I'd better think about getting some work done.  It's paperwork day, after all.  So, everybody have a good one and I'll talk to you all later!  KJT:)