My weekend was definitely eventful.  The party was a success and we didn't melt too much, though I'm still trying to re-hydrate after sweating so much.    I got there on Friday morning and took my box fan with me, which was a god-send.  I don't think I could have gotten any sleep without it.  (As it was, I dreamed about Harry Potter's mom finding her way to Hogwarts, much like Wolverine found the X-Men school; and one of the students kept running away so she opted to be turned into a 4-inch purple monkey....hot-weather dreams are always a little weirder than normal).  Saturday was pretty good.  The Housemans all got there around 3 in the afternoon.  Maggie opened presents first, which gave the other kids stuff to play with since she was more interested in visiting with and being fawned over by the grandparents and aunts and uncles who all seemed to be there just for her.  Joel's brother, Andrew, chased the kids with the garden hose to help them cool off.  They had such a good time!  Well, the boys liked it.  Eva, Jake's older cousin, was too lady-like to do that and didn't like being sprayed with water at all.  I'll tell you, if I wasn't too old and lumpy, I would have been out there in my underwear running around, too.    After presents, Maggie was tired and went down for another nap (hot just makes us all tired) and Dad started up the grill.  We had hot dogs (snake tongues) and hamburgers, grapes (eyeballs), and lots of other food.  My sister had decorated the cake with Big Bird's face so it matched the plates and the Sesame Street theme and everyone was appropriately impressed.  Before the Housemans cleared out, there was a big storm with lots of lightening and thunder and we had to keep going over it that thunder can't hurt you and since we were in the house the lightening couldn't either, and no, there was not going to be a tornado just because it was windy.  I'll tell you, kids can totally feed off each other's ideas when they get going like that and they are not listening to reason. :)    By Sunday, I was so hot I cut my hair.  It looks really nice, too, if I do say so myself.  It's all springy and curly all over.  I kept the bangs longer than the rest so I can pull them back and that helps tame it a little bit.  Now I just want to keep touching my hair, though.  It's so soft and sproingy!  It's totally off my neck but not really short.  It still curls around my ears and stuff.    Aa for my grandma, she's doing fine.  It was her left arm and she's right-handed, so the doctor said she'd be bowling again within the month.  No, she doesn't bowl left-handed, but she has to keep it stable for at least a month before her other shoulder can move freely again without causing twisting pain or something.  I don't know; it's all weird to me.  All I know is that she's staying in Ohio so my parents don't have to worry about getting a divorce.  Yea!    Cara, I'm sorry to hear about your grandma but I'm glad she's doing better.  Maybe the stroke fixed a connection that was broken before.  Brains do weird things, as we all well know, so who knows?  It's got to be easier on your dad, though, and that's a good thing.  Em, let us know when you get your offer.  It sounds fabu!  I'll keep my fingers crossed for you.  In the mean time, I need to get some work done.  Love you all and more later, KJT:)