I agree we are blessed. And Jen is double-whammy blessed :) (that's not an indication of twins, I just mean wedding/baby).  I told my dad tonight- he balled like a baby, but with tears of joy. He was so happy. Maybe it's because I put it to him like this: "So dad, do you have any big plans late next year or early the year after?" He got real quiet and said "Well, no, probably not"- so I said "Well, do you think you'd have time to walk me down the aisle?"- the tears came a-flowin'  Ok..the proposal: After the Evanessence concert- we got home and just got ready for bed. It had been a really long day but a lot of fun. Stressful, after looking at our first house together, but good nonetheless. Before the concert, while waiting outside the Murat for his friend- we had briefly talked about how great things are and how we never want it to go away, blah blah blah (suppose this should have been my cue, right?). Anyway...so back at home....we go to bed, and we are there just chatting away- I was actually talking about the ass-backwards way that it seems we grant street girls seem to get engaged or married (i.e. dress first, baby first, house first, etc.)- so while I'm explaining to him the details- he interrupts me to say "I don't mean to interrupt, but something very fucked up is going on. Bella is laying at my head (wrapped around it more like) and Luna is playing with my feet (sort of scratching at them)" So then he said "It's cute, Luna is coming out of her shell." Then he moved his foot and yelled "No, she isn't being cute, she just pissed on the bed!"  So, after chasing Luna through the house to beat her- then changing sheets, cleaning and febreezing the mattress and flipping it, we laid back down and laughed about it all.   Then he said "Hey, can I ask you something?" And I said "Sure, what's up" He said, "Look, you know I don't have a lot of money- and I don't really have anything to offer you right now; but I can give you my heart, and my soul- and I'd like to know if you'll marry me". Yeah, well, then my tears started a-flowin'. And I think I said yes like 30 times.   So you see- the cat didn't pee from excitement- just stupidity.   Though, my mom said that Luna was marking territory, then Marshall marked it right back ;) I like that one.  I Love you guys.