Damn! Did EVERYONE write today or what? Don't you love new things? Everyone puts in such effort!   Where should I start?  Emily--Where does your brother live now? Is he going to move after graduation? Has he found a job yet? That's really cool that your boss has bigger plans in mind for you. I wish I had bigger plans in my professional life. Have huge ones in the personal...and I'm just getting started on that. Does this mean you are no longer looking in the want ads? I still feel guilty for missing your graduation. I forgot that I have a mother-in-law.  Jen--Had a FABULOUS time at my fancy schmancy dinner. $600 bucks a plate!! I heard that even the mayor was there! But you know, even though people have alllll that money, they still dress and act like idiots. We saw a woman pop out of her outfit on the dance floor. Another woman had on a black sequin dress with a crown royal bottle design on the butt of it. Men who were too drunk to stand but thought they could dance.  By the way, tell Liza to grow up. It's her future sister-in-law. She's going to have to talk to her sometime! What better time than now when they HAVE something to talk about?  Steph--I don't know if I told you this or not but some states give out grants for down payments on houses. There might be an income limit and you'll have to take classes on home buying but I think it would definitely be worth checking into. We made too much money and we couldn't make it to the classes anyway.   Chris--Ever see the episode of Seinfeld where Elaine puts tic-tacs in her co-workers jacket so she always knows where he is? Our manager is very sneaky too. For some reason, whenever he says hello to me...I instantly turn red. It's not a crush thing at all! It's because he makes me so uncomfortable. He even asked me once why my face was so red.   Karissa--I'm currently sorting out my book collection. The libraries here get most of their funding from the steel mills and since they haven't been doing so well, the libraries are really hurting. They have to cut back their hours of operation and are spending all donated money on new books. The selection there is lousy! The cost for library cards are ridiculous. Everyone is effected (affected?) by the steel mills here. Almost everyone (male) we know has worked or is working in one.