Wow.  That's a lot of stress, Cara.  Why would Judy tell her daughter-in-law-to-be that she's a bitch ON HER WEDDING DAY?  There's plenty of time for that after.  I'm not saying that to be funny, either.  My mom has been saying that grandmother is a bitch for as long as I remember, and they've never gotten along, but I'm betting they made nice on the actual wedding day.  I've heard of people not wanting to give up their babies, but this is nuts.  Does Ryan know his mom did that?  I have a feeling that telling him might not be a bad idea.  Unless he's a mama's boy....  Did Lisa even remember getting upset when they had to leave early?  I'm sure she was just drunk and tired.  It was a big day.  Still, I don't blame your parents for getting upset about that.    But you had to clean up after the reception?  When did they tell you that?  Shouldn't that be the responsibility of the Polo Club?  I mean, you paid them for the use of their building.  Shouldn't they have staff to come in and do that?  Was that something that would have cost extra?  Do you think Lisa or Ryan knew that and forgot to tell you?  Who booked the place?  I would think that would be something that was in the contract when they booked.  Em, you might want to check with your people and make sure they do the clean up after.  Even if it costs a little more, it's totally worth it not to have to worry about.  If the reception had been in the church basement, I could see having to help clean up, but this was a professional reception hall.  That's a big part of what they do.  You shouldn't have had to do that.  It's just nuts.  How are your feet now?  I bet your tennis shoes feel really good after that.  At least it's over, and with any luck, you'll never have to do it again.  God forbid something happens between Lisa and Ryan, but if it does, tell her to elope next time.  She had the big wedding once; that was enough.  Guys, I wanted to thank you all for being so supportive.  I never thought I'd be in a situation where I'd have to choose between boys.  Believe me, I'm watching for signs and signals and I'm so tuned into my heart that I could almost pass for schitzophrenic.  I'm going to Indy tonight to see Brian and I'm glad to have a chance to talk to him about things.  No, the drama is nowhere NEAR ending yet, but being able to talk to him is going to help a lot.    Oh, and I did forget one thing.  When Tony came over the first time, he brought me a summer sausage.  I'm still trying to figure out if that was a come on or not...;)