This is a really big day, astrologically speaking.  There's a full moon and a full lunar eclipse tonight, plus there are storms all over the place, or will be when we want to watch the moon.  There was something else but I can't remember it now.  I'm sure it will come to be later. :)  Things here are pretty good.  We just had an early lunch because my stomach was going to eat itself.  Polly went and sat outside, but until we get a picnic table I'm not going to take my hot bowl of easy mac out of the break room.  I just don't want to burn my thighs! ;)  Well, not that way...:)    Oh, but I am having and underwear issue I thought I'd share.  When Nat was here, she insisted that I buy a bra and underwear set that matched.  She was horrified by my boring selection.  So, we went to Lane Bryant and I picked one pair of underwear and two bras.  The bras are both underwire, and I'm finding it rather uncomfortable as the day goes on.  Those wires are rubbing me!  But it does make my chest more spectacular than usual, so I may just have to adapt and graw callusses on my tummy.  But the second thing is the funny part.  These underwear were marked high cut but they are just as long as any pair of briefs I've ever owned.  So I'm wearing relatively sexy granny panties.  Ok, maybe it's only funny to me, but I just think it's funny that they were marked high cut.  How large would a woman have to be for them to rid eup that far?  Maybe an amazon woman.  I just don't know. :)  Em: I don't know about starting other blogs in here.  I think you can make as many as you want under your own user name but if you go through this one it might be open for all of us to see.  You'll have to give it a try and run a test to see what happens.  Then we'll see if we can access it?  I don't know how else to try that.  Also, yey for you workin' it with your boss!  It's so great that he'd want you to move to the CMT in Philly.  Of course I don't want you to leave, but you'd be closer to your mom and Rachel and it would give us excuses to take road trips and come see you.  I think that's very cool!  Jen:  Everything is great here, if a little boring.  I'm doing my least favorite job today but if I don't do it it won't get done.  So we're just going to have to keep the tunes spinning so my brain can do something else while my hands do the work.  Hopefully no bloodshed this time, either. :)  Who's Kerrie?  When are you moving?  Do you need some help?  Just let me know. :)  Cara: I like the name Marla, too.  But when you get a kitten you might think that's not her name and come up with something completely different.  That's how it was with Lulu.  I thought Lucia was a good name, and I still do, but she's way too silly to have such a sofisticated name.  She's a Lulu, that's for sure. :)  How much more do you have to unpack?  Tell Bob that it's really not cute to call kittens 'little shit' either. ;)  Steph: Thanks for the heads up on the bill paying thing.  I'll have a look and see how it all works.  I'm not sure if I'll do it, though.  It's easier for me to keep track of everything if I do it by hand and send out the bills.  But I'll definitely think about. :)  Where are you working now?  Are you still with that store where you filled catalog orders?  That seemed like a neat place to work.  OK, girls, I'm more than happy to invite Chris, but I still need his email so I can send him the invite.  I'll go ahead and send it to the one address I have but if he has a different one now than he did before Cara's wedding, I don't have that.  As for his cousin, well, yeah, I have to say that the odds are it's probably only a matter of time before she's on the evening news, but I still hope she's successful and that nothing happens to the kids she's in charge of.  I can send her happy thoughts if I don't have to deal with her in person.  We'll just have to wish her luck and hope for the best, I guess.  That's all we can do.  Anyway, back to my boring task at hand.  Everybody have a good day and I'll talk to you later!  KJT:)