Em, you're going to see a very similar version of this on my LJ, but I'm going to have to do some editing for that crowd, so be prepared for deja vu...:)  I have this feeling that everyone is going to get more excited about Tony than I am.  He's a doll!  We had a good time.  He got there last night right after I got out of the shower.  I was dressed, thank goodness, though I have the distinct impression that, had I been naked, he would have really enjoyed that. ;)  So, we went to Dragon, picked up food and went back to my house and watched Evolution.  That movie cracks me up so much!  He had brought a couple of movies from the library, but he hadn't seen Evolution, so we watched that.  I think next time we're going to watch Rushmore.  We talked movies the whole time we were going to get food and then while we were settling in to eat and watch.  He sat on the couch, I sat in my chair, and it was just very nice and relaxing.  After the movie, I showed him pictures of Jake and Maggie and then went through the Mighty Bookcase of Pictures and showed him everyone in the fam.  Then he put the moves on me.  He tried to kiss me, but I said no.  I had explained the Brian situation to him on the way to get food, so he knows what's up there, so it's not like I'm leading him on in any way.  It's just weird.  Suddenly I have this guy who is actively trying to pursue me.  He says he understands that I'm with Brian, but if I ever feel that I'm not getting enough attention he's ready to step up and fill in the blanks, which can be taken metaphorically and still be the truth.  He left about 10:30 so I could get ready for bed.  He just kept telling me that he thinks I'm beautiful and stuff like that and I don't know how to take those kinds of statements.    This morning, I was up and around early and was about to pull out of the drive way when he pulled in.  He brought me a single pink rose.  He's coming over after I get home from swimming tonight so we can hang out some more.  I don't know what to do.  Don't tell me to go for it because I can't.  I'm not built that way.  I'm not poly and I never will be.  But I like his company.  We like the same kinds of music, a lot of the same movies, he has a good sense of humor, he loves the kittens, and he's just an all-around nice guy.  They say that single mothers are always looking for someone who likes kids.  Well, I'm just happy to find someone who loves the kittens as much as I do. :)  I wish I felt something more for him.  It would make things easier, that's for sure.  But Brian has my heart so I don't have it to give to anyone else right now.  The universe certainly does have a sense of humor.  Life is a joke, and right now, I don't get it.  All good things, though.  All good things.