I think my slightly anti-social behavior is catching up to me.  Sarah just called in a bit of a panic because last night I called her to see if she wanted to go down to Lake Griffy and sit out on the dock and look at the stars and she didn't want to go because she was tired and I said, well, I might go, but as soon as I hung up the phone I decided that going to the lake in the middle of the night all alone was really asking for trouble and I have enough trouble so I stayed home and sat outside behind the big dead tree until I was too cold and had to go in.  Then I didn't email her today because I didn't really have anything to say so she and Rob were just starting to get worried that maybe something had happened and that's why I hadn't emailed or anything and they were thinking that maybe something happened to me but I was really sitting here, just fine, spending yet another day at the computer doing data entry and the tallying finished treatments and sending them out to their homes (I hit a new high of 9 totes full of books going back to different places; my previous high was 6, I think).  Oh, and just so you know, because I think it's kind of cool, since we started entering incoming materials into our database in late July, 1555 books have passed through my hands, and that doesn't even include the hundreds of pamphlets that go through here.  I know, that's probably only really impressive to me, but I've got to tell people or they won't know how much we rock. :)  Oh, so I worried Sarah and I didn't mean to and now she's coming over to the lab for a while because she has to go to some dinner and if she goes home she'll just have to turn around and leave again.  I'll be out of here at 6.  Until then, I think I have to play computer games.  I'd do work, but by the time I get something started I'm just going to have to leave.  And I'm unsupervised, so it's not like anyone is going to tell on me.  If someone was here, I'd go to my desk and pretend to work and really just goof around straightening things and exclaiming at how I can never find things when I need them.  It's a gift...:)  Wait a second.  I think I forgot to say why I was at home, thinking about going to Lake Griffy in the middle of the night.  See, I was supposed to go up to Indy to see Brian last night, but Erica had the flu and I don't have the time to get sick or the energy to fight it off, so I stayed here.  This is going to sound really weak, but it's been more than 2 weeks since I saw him last, and I think that's the longest we've ever gone without seeing each other.  So I was a little depressed and lonely.  Sarah offered to cook for me, but the thought of leaving the house was overwhelming, so I stayed in.  I sat in the dark and watched a lot of TV, which helped, and eventually went outside and sat in the cold and regrounded.  I feel a lot better today, so no worries. :)  Anyway, I should really think about packing up and getting out of here.  More later!