Crusty, very nice dress.  This one I like. :)  OK, Baby Got Back is the song of the morning.  Again.  "The girl is all about the ass!"  It turned out that we didn't go to Indy.  Steph was sick, Maggie was sick, and Joel was sick.  Mom and Dad are going on vacation Saturday and they didn't want to be sick for it, so we just hung out in Indy.  It was kind of nice.  We took my viola around Indy to have it appraised and hopefully we'll get a good offer for it.  Mom and Dad have been trying to get me to sell it for years, but I'm glad I didn't sell it before now.  I need the money now; timing is everything.  So, that's what we did on Saturday.  Sunday Mom and I made cookies, Dad made me oatmeal bread, and we just sat around and watched TV and I did way too many word searches (did you know you can do those in your sleep, too?).  It was a good weekend.  Welly, I am more than willing to wear a sombrero in public.  Do you have maracas to go with it or do I just have to shake my own? ;D  I'm also going to guess that Squirrelene was a very naughty girl who could hide coconuts in various body cavities without breaking a sweat.  Oh, but to get back to my parents, it was really funny because apparently we were all on the same wavelength this week.  All week, I wanted vegetable soup.  I don't know why (probably because I don't buy them on my own and therefore don't eat nearly enough), but when I got there, Dad had made a whole big batch of it.  I even got to bring some home so I can have it for dinner a couple of times this week.  But before I knew that, Mom asked me if I'd eaten yet.  When I said no, she offered my Mac and Cheese.  I had been having Mac and Cheese thoughts the whole way up from Bloomington.  It was just weird.  She said that Dad had been mowing the grass earlier this week and had thought to himself, 'I wonder if there's any dog shit out here,' and then proceeded to step in some.  I think we all have our precognition set in the on position...:)  It's just weird, wild stuff...:)