So I sent you all an email telling you that Brian rejected my offer of monogamy (Chris, I don't have your new email address so it got shot back to me; I asked Em to send it on, though I guess anyone can do it now that I'm talking about it here).  Natty, my friend in England, just sent me a really supportive email and I wanted to share my response to her with you.  I could be upset about things, but I'm not.  Here's why.  Love you all and more later.  The soap opera is dying down a bit now...:)   'm doing ok, really.  For one thing, if he had said yes right away, that would have just been weird.  I mean, who changes their lifestyle on the basis of one email?  I have said what I've been wanting to say for a really long time.  It's out there.  He knows how I feel.  Something like this has to be his idea.  I planted a seed.  Now, I have to cultivate it.  If it doesn't work out, that's fine, but I'm going to give this everything I have.  I believe in the power of the universe, and just because my first offer was turned down doesn't mean I'm out of the running.  This is going to take patience and time.  And yes, I'm stepping back a bit and am going to be thankful for the time we have together.  I just feel so relieved now that the pressure of keeping my mouth shut has been removed that I can hardly believe it.  Oh, there will be good days and bad days, but that's what this is all about.  You'd think that being rejected would make me want to cry, but really, I feel pretty good.  Things have finally been set in motion.  I'm not living in static hell anymore.  The stasis has been broken.  Now things can grow and change and find a better life.  I needed to find my strength, and part of it was in finding motion.  Right now, I can say 'all good things' and really mean it.  Things can move forward and that is a blessing.  It's kind of funny, really, because I've never been so happy to be rejected before.  He took me seriously and doesn't want to lose me, and this is a good sign.  I'm not going to give him 5 years of my life or anything like that, but this needs time to sink in and really take root.  Yes, I suddenly feel like I'm dating a bean stalk, but there are worse things, right? ;D    Actually, I think my faith in the universe has just been strengthened.  This is how things were supposed to happen.  I can feel the rightness of it.  I know I'm on the right path, regardless of the outcome.  I've been so miserable because I've been denying myself the power of action.  We do make our own hell, and being afraid to do something isn't a good way to live.  I don't have to live in fear anymore because I know that he cares for me and doesn't want this to end.  He offered to try to spend more time with me, which shows me how important to him I am.  I don't know how this is going to end and I don't want to know yet.  The ride has just begun.  This is a journey I think I'm finally ready to enjoy.