I got to the theater early and sat on the floor outside doing word searches, trying to calm my nerves.  Every time the door would open, I'd look up.  You'd be surprised at how many creepy-looking people show up to the $2 movies on a Thursday night.  First, he liked "Finding Nemo."  And he only fell asleep once, so that was a good thing. :)  Yes, he really did fall sleep.  It was really kind of cute.  I was watching the movie, trying desperately not to make comments, and suddenly I heard this deep, even breathing coming from the right.  I looked over and he was all relaxed and completely asleep.  I giggled a little bit to myself and then started poking at him.  Poke, poke, poke.  Nothing.  Elbow nudge.  Nothing.  Poke, poke, poke again.  Nothing.  But I did get him woken back up and then he was all embarrassed because I caught him.  Hey, at least he hadn't started snoring, which is apparenty something he does with gusto. :)  After the movie, we went to Charreada.  I had to choose, so that's what I went with.  He's not a picky eater like I am, so that made it really easy.  The funny thing was that when I suggested Charreada, the first words out of his mouth were, "Have you ever had their cheese sauce?"  I laughed so hard I almost wet myself!  Those words would have been the next thing out of my mouth, too.  When we got there and ordered our drinks, he even did the thing where he asked the waiter right away for the cheese sauce, which is something I learned you have to do if you want it there before the meal.  Em taught me that, and I was impressed I giggled a whole lot more.    I talked a lot.  Maybe too much.  I don't know.  We talked about when we were kids (because I'm always curious about childhood memories) and all sorts of things.  He is about 5'10", brown hair, hazel eyes, a nicely shaped beard, and he's just a real cutey!  We talked about our cats.  His cat, Leo, was a lot like Ada.  Alex found him when he was about a month old and started to take care of him and realized that one half of his face was wet all the time.  Leo had a hole in his cheek right where his saliva gland is so every time he ate, his face would leak.  Two surgeries later, it still leaks a little bit, but since it doesn't seem to bother him, Alex just lets it go and keeps an eye on it to make sure it doesn't get any worse.  We have so much in common it's kind of scary.  Seriously, if I was thinking of something, he'd say it or something in the same vein.  It was just wild!  And good.  And I think we're going to maybe go out again this weekend.  He might be camping, but if not, we might go to a movie on Saturday night or Sunday sometime.  But I think he really does want to go out again, so that's all exciting.  And yes, this means that I'm going to end things with Brian.  I love him, but he's never going to change, and I know what I want and what I need, and even if Alex isn't the one, he helped me see that waiting around is just wasting my time and breaking my heart unneccessarily.  Which I think all of you have said or implied at one time or another, but you know me.  I may hear what you're saying and know that you're right, but that doesn't mean I can act until I feel like it's my idea.  I want to give Alex a real chance, you know?  I have a good feeling about it, and it may just be wishful thinking on my part, but if I don't give it an honest shot, what's the point?  So, all good things!  Woo-hoo!