On Saturday, I bit the hell out of my tongue.  It's still hard to talk.  And every time I sneeze it takes me a minute to be sure I haven't reopened the stupid thing.  You know, usually you bite yourself and it's better the next day.  Not this time.  It's bothering me like a loose tooth.  It just feels weird in my mouth and I don't like it.  So Saturday afternoon, we got the beads out so Jacob could string them.  We have these old glass beads that my sister and I used to play with.  He made me a necklace, which I'm wearing today so I can show Abby, and he was telling Mom all about it as he strung it.  She told me more of the story later, but apparently he was sitting at the table with her and he started, "There is someone in this house that I love very much and who loves me very much and it's my Auntie Rissa.  And this bead is because she's nice and this one is because she's beautiful...." and it went on and on like that, and I'm really kind of glad I didn't hear the whole thing because just having Mom tell me that little bit was enough to get the tears flowing.  Then I think he got a little embarassed because he wouldn't tell me what all the beads were for, but it was still so cute that it made me tear up. :)  They left for their house around 6 or so that evening.    Sunday, we made turkey and dumplings, I mixed up some chocolate chip cookies, and Mom and I went to look at winter coats.  I've had crap luck the last couple years buying coats off the net and out of catalogues and I never get one that's heavy enough so I'm always having to wear at least one extra sweater or hoodie to get through the winter without freezing.  Well, I'm tired of it.  It's time to get a new coat, one that's going to last me more than one winter and that won't leave me freezing.  So we went and looked at coats and I found one that I love, but I need it in one size bigger than the store carried it.  So I'm going to go online today and see if I can't find it, or something comparible, in the same style.  I know it kind of defeats the purpose, but at least now I know what I'm looking for.  This coat was made out of fake suede and had a fake fur lining that was so soft!  I couldn't help but fall in love with it!  So, we'll see what I can find. :)    The final event of the weekend was getting home, bringing in all of my stuff and finding a dead mouse rolled up in one of my throw rugs.  That's right.  A dead mouse, who had obviously been eaten by one of the kittens.  I felt so bad for him!  I threw him into the dumpster before I realized I could have buried him in the back yard and now I feel bad for throwing him away.  But I complimented the kittens on their hunting ability because I didn't know what else to do.  I gave them some wet food as a reward, and also as a bribe so they would forgive me for being away for so long.  It sounds like everyone else had a pretty good extended weekend, too.  Thinking about Christmas, I was thinking more along the monetary lines of $10-$15.  I know that I don't have a new extended shopping list or anything.  I'm just broke.  I'm going to be starting my online shopping spree very soon.  Thank the gods for the net!  Anything not to have to leave my house. :)  I don't really care where we meet up or when.  I have no life, so just let me know where I have to be and when I should get there and what I should bring, aside from presents. :)  Of course I'm thinking of food here.  It's Monday morning and I want chocolate.  So, have a good morning and I'll talk to you all later!  KJT:)