         Never know quite how to start...so I will just jump right in:)  Been on the slim-fast diet for about 2weeks.  Now, you need to understand that I am really on the Sara-slim fast diet.  This means, I try like hell to stick to the regimen but sometimes eat when I'm not supposed to and sometimes binge.  Great idea, huh?!  I'm not doing that bad.  It just sucks on the weekend because hubby loves to eat, and then on the days we have lunch together, because I am supposed to have a shake for dinner, but who can do that after tasting real food???  But I am so happy, I have lost some weight already...I officially can fit into the next size down.  Occassionally I could pour myself into the smaller size, but I was in the middle.  Smaller size a little snug, bigger size a little big.  But I went clothes shopping and can totally fit into the small size--yeah!  On my weigh to my old self!  If I get to a 10 I will be happy, though I would love to get back to 8 since I have so many cute clothes from that era:)  I gave up on the 6...selling all that in my garage sale.  That wasn't natural anyway, and the others are much more attainable, in a healthy way!  We went to see the gram...she had to get hearing aids.  She was quite put-out that her "family" hadn't told her she wasn't hearing.  Her stepsons wife did.  Well, gram, to be honest, I just thought you were getting Quookie (okay, I had no idea how to spell that one)...and she is still considering moving here which would be great!  She gave us a generous gift and told me to spend it wisely--hmm...could she be reminiscing about the past???  I told her we would spend it on doing some home projects--yeah, my favorite!  So of course, we had to run out and buy a couch!!!  Now, you might think, hmmm...she bought a couch?  But you must realize.  I am the queen of thrift...I can't bring myself to pay alot of money for furniture...especially with a toddler--boy!  We demolished our last couch in under three years, so until I can get the B-meister to sit instead of climb (maybe by 20!) it will be thrifty furniture for me!  Anyway...we bought it at big lots--odd lots...wonderful name!  Anyway, I like it and it works with what I want to do my living room decor in:)   That's it for right now...I;m tired and have to start working at some point:)