         Yeah...i've been procrastinating...  Okay...yesterday, I had to go to the "Project Engineering Admin" meeting...one word...BORING!!! Can we all feed more into the admin-bitch persona????  I just sat and looked around and said...uh, hell, no!!!  I will NOT do this for much longer.  Once the B-meister is in school, I will be doing something that feeds my soul, not something that is rapidly sucking my soul out of me!  Ugh...admins suck major dookie!  Stupid job, stupid power trips...personally, I hate admins...they always think higher of themselves than they are...like, come on, it doesn't take a genious to do what we do...we are basically white trash slaves...overworked, underpaid, and too stupid to do anything about it!  Not sure what I am going to do...I have been majorly fantasizing...I would love to do something artsy...but I am afraid it wouldn't be fun anymore...kinda like when I made all the Christmas presents and wanted to puke for the next 4months whenever I thought of doing anything crafty...  ahh...now that I have that off my chest...i did break down and call Mr X.  It was kinda weird...i used to think i had this premonition thing...whenever something huge was about to happen (usually bad) that I wouldn't have any way of knowing about...I would get these mini panic attacks...it was weird and freaked me out so I eventually stopped paying attention to those feelings...anyway, all that to say...B-meister and I were on our way to MI City to hit the Pfaltzgraff outlet when I had this insane feeling that I was about to run into Mike.  Which then got me thinking about what I would do...say...die of embarassment from the way I looked...you know, normal obsessions...after about five minutes, I was approaching the overpass by Benton Harbor and low and behold the Mr B's truck passed over it as I was going under...I about crapped my pants!!!  Needless to say, I had to call him the next day to see if it was him...he said nope, he was on his way to MI City!!!  WEIRD!!!  I still am kinda freaked out about it...  gotta take a break...be back in a few...