         ahhh...still basking in the glow of home sweet home...nothing quite like the comfort and security of not feeling like you have to bust your ass to live up to a standard that is unattainable.  just being me...  So, this past week was when bf was in town.  He wasn't available until Wednesday night...so I invited a few people over for dessert...not many could make it, only K and Ang.  So weird that Ang came, she NEVER comes especially if I am there...anyhoo...Tom was being a dork.  I had to call him to make sure we were still on, this is at 5pm...people are going to be showing at 6:30pm...he says he has to run a load of laundry through the dryer and then he will be over.  I make a run to WalMart...get back at 6:20...Ang shows up 5minutes later.  No Tom, No Tom, no tom...K shows up at about 7...no tom, no tom, no tom...no offense to them, but they were not very entertaining and I didn't really want to hang with just them.  I finally call and leave a message for tom asking if he flaked...he shows about 8...whatever!  He looks good, really good, in a Tom way.  Someone told me he had started to look like his dad weight wise...don't know what they were smoking!  He is balding a little but is slim and trim and actually dresses this era!  It was so strange to be in the same room, we hadn't seen each other since a short visit in '97 or '98...I was so happy to see him...and I had absolutely nothing to say.  ugh...hence, why I hate socializing...what part of my repetative schedule would you like to hear about?  the part where I get up and go to work, get off work and pick up b, go home and make a pb&j, put B to bed, go to sleep...yeah, that's the routine...not much conversation.  I didn't really want to talk about the vacation...I was having too much fun listening to K spill the gossip on everything under the sun.  She was SOOOO shocked I didn't know some of this stuff...and I finally said, I don't really have the space to remember this stuff that has absolutely no effect in my life.  HA!  She just said, yeah, I never remember this stuff either....um, HELLO?!  You have been blabbering for 30+ minutes about EVERYONE...where does the not remembering part come into play...can we skip to that part???  Always hard to admit when you are the town crier...she actually tried to rope my mom into being the one to blab about something pretty confidential...yeah, right!  To which I said, "K, if my mom knew, I would have been told before you were and I never knew..."  THat shut her up for all of two seconds.  A) I don't know if my mom would have told me, but I would hope she wouldn't have told HER! and B) My mom could have told me and it could fall into the "i forgot" clause...but it was fun to watch her squirm:)  Talked to bf...she wants her x's phone number...I did better, got 2!  Not sure if she really wants it so I want to have that discussion first...good lord, look at the mess it has gotten me into!  Later!