         Ahhh...the sweet comfort of home!  Went on a week long road trip with the parents...hubby had training and races, so B and I bummed a ride to the vineyard and brooklyn...it was so nice to take a week off.  The vineyard was SO different than what I was expecting.  When I hear of the vineyard, I had always thought, beautiful green everywhere, rich, upscale...mmm, not exactly.  It was very pretty, I love water so I thought it was great, cars were everywhere, people everywhere.  It was neat...lots of cute little shops...lots of people with cute little accents.  My family made ourselves right at home in an italian restaurant...kudos to fernando's!  He was so cute...he looked as though he was tearing up the last night when we told him we were leaving the next day...but he maintained composure long enough to tell me he has never met a person who didn't like his tiramisu.  hmmm...mark it down.  Fernando, dahling, I don't like it...it satisfied the unrelenting chocolate urge, but as a texture freak, it kinda scared me.  But, I am sure it wasn't YOURS I am sure I would feel the same about everyone's.  It was good to see my sis...although, between my parents wanting to escape B and I and her working, I really didn't spend a lot of time with her...  Then it was off to Brooklyn.  Ahh, the big apple.  It was hotter than a mother there!  and of course, my sis's air only works in the bedroom, so I felt like I was receiving a steam treatment the moment I walked in the door.  We walked around Manhattan and SoHo...went to the WTC site.  When I was there last year, right after it happened, they weren't yet allowing anyone close, so it was really moving to see the huge void in the ground.  Guys were working...got to see the memorial everyone has been contributing to.  Also got to shop at the street vendors.  I felt it would be sacriligious to dicker with the ones selling wtc/nypd stuff.  So I just found what I wanted and bought.  BUmmed I didn't get to go to China Town and dicker with those vendors...that is the best part of NY!  Also, spent a few hours in H&M...the parents and B collapsed in some easy chairs and were almost passed out by the time I was done.  Went to D&DL...all out of chocolate covered expresso beans!!!!  What an outrage...no fix for me!  B was so good in the car!  The grandparent factor was working miracles...  It is so nice to be back home...i have come to so many revelations with my family, and made such great strides...I was feeling myself slip when being with them for so long.  It is so hard to still be the black sheep and the one who can never do anything right.  It gets old to hear them sing the praises of every other sister but never have anything nice to say to me.  It hurt.  It got old.  Glad to be back in the safety of my predictable life.  Glad to have a hubby who missed the shit out of me and couldn't wait until we were back as a family.  I think that is what hurts.  I don't think I will ever feel safe with my family...always waiting for the punch to come flying out of nowhere...you know it always does.  I love my family to death and would do just about anything for them, but at the same time, they drain and stress me out.  So, I was glad to get away but came to the realization extended family vacations are a thing of the past...  More later...I have to do some work-ew...