         you know...sometimes you just have to laugh to keep from crying...  my boss' boss was supposed to get back with me on Monday about a raise I asked for at the beginning of August...when I called on Tuesday, he said that he needed 1-2 more weeks...whatever!  I am pretty stressed out...especially when I looked on line and found out I am making the lowest amount an admin is paid in the area...and that person enter with 0-1 years of experience!  I guess I need to get out of my comfort zone and start looking...yuck  To top it all off...Scott has cut me off...no talking, nothing.  The most contact we have had with each other is when I kiss him goodbye in the morning...We had an argument on Monday (?) night about his attitude during our phone call that morning...I had asked for some money for clothes...he said no...I WANTED to say a few words, but tried to take the high road and told him I should get off the phone.  He got all snotty and threw in my face "Now you're going to tell me that I treat you like...yadda, yadda, yadda" Stuff that I said in our last "heart to heart"  Then I did get mad and said goodbye.  I tried to calmly talk to him about how that is not mature and we need to get beyond this so that we can have ADULT conflict...again, bearing my hurt, and my soul...he INTERRUPTS me in mid-sentence to ask me where the 6 dollars is from our date.  WHAT?!  I asked him if he was serious...he was.  Boy, was I mad.  Anyway...I guess this is all just proof for me that I am not psycho...if I bring up conflict he totally retaliates later...right after, actually.  So this morning, after the stress of work, the stress of my husband cutting me off, I don't give him a kiss goodbye.  He gets pissed.  I said, you haven't talked to me all week, yet you expect me to be lovey-dovey...I'm sorry, I can't.  Then I walked out...then I walked back in and said, "You know, the funny thing is that you can cut me off and treat me like this yet think that I should still be affectionate with you.  Which is ultimately, why I will never understand you"  And walked out.  Looks like another great day...I really did not want to come to work...but staying home didn't sound very fun either.  I just want to cry.  The girls asked me out to lunch so hopefully that will cheer me up a little!  Wish me luck