         Not much new...RR marathon this weekend, so that kept me happy:)  Got to catch up on the episodes I missed when we didn't have MTV.  Hubby went to help chop some wood for his gma up in TC...so b and I bummed it this weekend.  Hubby had told his fam he would bring b up for them to watch while he did this...of course, he never consulted with me.  I was NOT pleased.  He said "I just figured you wouldn't want him here" uh, hello???  He is MY son!  So, I left it up to him to decide what he was going to do but let him know I was VERY displeased with his action...not consulting me.  He has a shitfit if I do ANYTHING without running it by him.  Can you tell I am very unhappy right now?  I just get very frustrated, which leads to anger, and I am so fucking tired.  I don't have the energy for my hubby.  Like today, I asked if instead of hiking it to my house for lunch, b and I could bring some pizza.  Which, we had talked about us doing.  No, I spend too much money this weekend.  Okay, I spent $32 for Christmas shit...$15 on dinner (which was pre-approved by the $nazi)...will not be getting a puppy...and $17 at WalMart on stuff I needed.  Ah, hem...he spent a butload on gas to get to and from TC.  SO don't act like I was the only one who spent $...but, after I am done typing, I am going to Lerner because now I'm depressed and I am sick of his shit.  ANyway, he has been picking fights with me a lot lately and I don't know what is sparking it but I am done...he can have his shitfits bite my big ass.  So anyway, he told me no, don't come to work.  Fine, I'm not coming for lunch either.  bf broke down first:)  She called last night, but b and I just got back from WalMart and it was 9, so I told her I would have to call back...I'll probably do that tonight:)  Yeah...yesterday was cool...it was kind of rainy.  B took a 3 1/2 hour nap!!!  So I got to watch lots of RR...I don't like to watch with him there...he is too young for the adult content.  I don't really think I am ready to explain Danny and Paul making out with each other.  And I got to take an hour nap...  that's all.