         my goodness...it is a good thing that I am so determined not to get into my depressed stages anymore!  This week has been ROUGH!  see previous entry for one explanation...work has been so hectic.  I just celebrated my year anniversary--woohoo--and I've realized there are dry spells, really dry spells, minor work, and overload.  Unfortunately there is no happy medium.  This is the point I came into last year...with one team, it was a nightmare.  This year, thanks to my manager, I support 2 1/2 teams.  This is my lunch break for the day because I have so much #!@$ to get done.  Anyway...background info...refer to the 8/28/02 entry as to why I was already annoyed with bf.  I haven't called her since then...I think I talked to her one time because she called.  Don't get me wrong, I still love her...I still want to be her friend...BUT I am highly aggravated.  So, knowing how I am, I thought I would not talk to her until I can think through it and basically get over it.  And, for some reason, i haven't gotten over it yet.  I have been crazy hectic lately, so I'm sure that has a lot to do with it.  Anyway, she called last night, after a terrible day at work.  I was bumming with Brennan...we were both reading, so I pulled myself off the couch to get the phone...she started off with some snide comment about how she hates it when I screen my calls...whatever, told her I had to pull myself off the couch.  She immediately jumps into how she can't stop thinking about ex and should she or shouldn't she call...but that she doesn't want to wait until october 4th...the day before his wedding.  Then she says "weren't you going to call hiM?"  Yeah...for about two seconds I contemplated that!  I just do not like him...period, period, period.  I told her I never did and didn't want to.  She started to lay a guilt trip on me that she called Mr X for me and I owed her big.  Whatever, I guess I thought that is what friends are for.  I just said that she didn't hate Mr X like i hated her ex.  I don't do guilt trips.  So I tried to change the subject, she just laid into me for that too.  So I just shut my mouth...she went on blabbing and then asked what was wrong.  I told her I had a bad day at work...that I was overloaded at work.  THEN she starts "Oh, poor you, you actually have to do work when you go in, instead of just getting paid to sit on your butt"  MY HOLY GOD!  WHERE IS THIS COMING FROM???  I said ABSOLUTELY nothing.  Deafening silence.  A, look, you just really fucked up, silence.  Then she says, Who am I to talk? haha...no, no haha's.  But, yeah, that brings up a good point.  You wanted a live in nanny/housekeeper and you don't work outside!  I do...45-50 hour/week, have a house to keep up, a husband, etc!  So, yeah, I'm real fucking lazy!  She tried to recover but I was done by then and just was saying , mm-hmm, yeah, yeah.  Then she said, well I can tell you are in a pissy mood (YEAH...THANKS TO YOU!) call me when you feel better.  Okay, bye.  UGH!  Could I have just quietly mourned the 9/11 anniversary without going through petty shit?  A girl at work talked about how it was the firefighters' fault that they should never have gone into the towers...whatever, they were following commands.  And, as the wife of someone who is in that line of work, that is their conscientious obligation.  I don't really think that anyone believed those towers were going to collapse.  On a special I watched last night, it said the first tower lasted one hour forty-three minutes.  The second lasted fifty-six minutes.  That's a long time.  Long enough that you think you have time to save the thousands of people stuck in the buildings...personally, I am in high appreciation and awe at their efforts...I don't think I could convince myself to go into that to help save complete strangers.  So, for all the non-believers and critics, there are many others who hold you in your much earned HERO status.  Ah...explosion at the plant on Tuesday.  A runaway reaction.  It basically exploded in a woman's face and I just heard they had to spend 5 hours on her face.  She hasn't been released because she is having difficulty with her sight.  Her lab partner had his major arterie nicked.  47 stitches for him.  He was just released today.  Scary.  On a happier note...I always watch our animal control PBS show.  Saw the cutest puppy so b and I went done to check it out.  It is a little girl, about a year old.  She looks like a mix of Jack Russell/chiuhauha.  There is one person ahead of us for her.  So I have to call tomorrow afternoon to see if she is available still.  Then I will pick her up on Monday.  Not sure if Scott will go for it, maybe it will be a SURPRISE!