         Wow...I didn't realize how long it had been...and so much crap has happened.  Let's start with the not-happy #$@! that way I can end on a good note...b's birthday was last week, so we had his birthday party on the 16th.  my m-i-law had said that hubby's dad wouldn't be coming because it was on the opening "Saturday" of deer hunting season...but, low and behold, the bitch showed she is just out to manipulate my hubby because his dad did come!  Ugh!  Anyway...I had two crafts planned and then we walked to the firestation a few blocks away...now, when I had called, I forewarned them that the party was for a 3year old.  So the fireman that set it up said we would just have a two minute talk and then the kids would be allowed to play on the firetruck.  Uh, whoever that was forgot to mention that to our tour-guide.   He was an older gentleman...very nice, but VERY talkative.  He must have talked for 40minutes...at LEAST!  I guess another fireman rescued the parents and allowed the kids to start playing while the other jabbered away.  Thank yoU!  Anyway...as we were leaving, one of my friends pulled me aside and asked who my m-i-law was.  I said "the short one"  she, of course, had figured that out...based on past incidents I have vented about...anyway, my friend was standing with her son who had been misbehaving and had a time out from the firetruck and she said my m-i-law started saying how she couldn't believe that I would do this for a 3year old party...that this was inappropriate and I should have waited until at least 5 or 6.  Thankfully, this is my friend who is NOT shy in the least...turned and told her how much fun her son was having and she thought it was a wonderful idea...that her son loved firemen and they had already been to his school.  What the #$%^ was my m-i-law thinking?  I just can't believe she didnt' know that comment would come straight back to me...so did my husband...so the only thing left is that she is 1)a moron (already proven) and 2) out to hurt me (already proven)...so really, nothing new came out of it.  I just need to realize this woman is fucked up and that she will never truly accept me or welcome me into her family.  This weekend hubby got angry at me...basically it came out that I am supposed to be cooking, cleaning, and watching b...NOT doing "fix-it" work on the house...that's a "masculine" job.  And he told me to turn in my two weeks.  I was devastated and don't know what to think...I told him he knew that cooking and cleaning was never going to make me happy...and that WE bought the house together and that I enjoyed helping fix up OUR house!  What a crazy fool!  Ahhh...now that I have that off my chest...my bf called last night and asked if I would do a girl's trip to Vegas in march...At first I was very hesitant about it...I seriously think that I am agoraphobic to a certain degree...I told her I would talk to hubby and then get back with her...well, I thought a lot about it last night and this morning and I am TOTALLY in!  Now, I am praying that it actually happens!  Call it kismet...I had two emails this morning for discounted rates to VEGAS!!!!  I am going to check them out but they seemed legit...one from Ramada...that would be so awesome and much needed!  So, I will try to get ahold of her today and tell her I am there...that also means I have to start penny-pinching!