         hmm..what to tell, what to tell.  Hubby skipped his appointment last week because b was not feeling good.  I gave him a hard time and told him it was just because I have been "behaving" and he would not have anything to talk about.  In a way it is true...we both have been on our best behavior and it feels so nice to have my best friend back.  We actually can kid around and laugh together...amazing!  His parents came into town on Saturday and spent the night...boy, I have never been so happy to see hubby go to work!  No offense to my hubby, of course.  But, his parents can't communicate with me so about 5 minutes after he left, they left...thank god!  It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, but it still wasn't good!!!  Hubby brought up the fact that I have given up meat...you know, vegetarian...no meat...I'm sure you know what I mean...so, on Sunday, hubby's mom is making dinner...a pizza thing that has pepperoni in it...so I ask her to please leave a portion without meat.  Seriously, she gives me a look like I have a gun to her head...and asks why..."because I gave up meat"..."what do you mean you gave up meat?!"  (Thinking, remember our 10minute conversation last night moron?!) "I don't eat meat...but if it is too much of a hassle, I will just pick it back out"  "so, does that mean you won't let anyone else eat meat?" "No, it isn't about a social consciousness" "what about thanksgiving?  are you going to make my son eat vegetarian for thanksgiving?"  (now understand, she now has a tone that she is talking to a nazi) "no, mom.  I will make a turkey but won't be eating any myself." mom exits in a huff...what a freak!  I don't know what her deal is other than she is a lunatic.  She talks about hubby's sister-in-law like she created the moon...how very annoying!  I guess I need to be thankful that I don't see them very often!  B's birthday party is in a couple weeks...I pray that they are only coming for the day!  I am dreading the possibility that his parents and bro and wife will be staying over night.  If that is the case, I am praying for a mammoth migraine!!!  Other than that...my bf called.  B was being naughty so I had to let him go...still weird from his visit.  Actually, that was the first time since his visit that I have talked to him.  Other bf called...said she was in the hospital.  I never know whether or not to believe her...that is so terrible!  She was really shook up about her hubby and her x.  I feel her pain since I went through it...it just would have been a lot easier to support her if she would have been upfront about it from the beginning and not trying to blame me or rip on me about it...