         Okay...so I haven't been the most dedicated blogger:)  But, it is the holiday season...the time for madness and mayhem!  I am so exhausted and so not wanting to work...half of the plant has off this week...but I have $$$ in my eyes, so I am hoping to force myself to work at least three days this week.    The fam went to Chicago this weekend....it was fun!  Hubby, b, and I got up bright and early to go to IKEA...can I just say, I LOVE that store!!!  There were so many things I coulda/shoulda bought..but hubby reigns me in...plus, we had to meet the rest of my family downtown so we were doing some MAJOR power-shopping.  But I am one of those people that if I had a five minute time limit could come out with a hundred bags.  I know what I want...don't get in my way!  We all ate at Maggiano's...yummy!  Had some sinful desserts...then it was to the hotel.  Very nice...  I must give kudos to myself for not being tragically lost in the city.  I actually stayed calm and applied what I knew...my issue is that I know how to get to certain locations...I don't remember names of streets.  But we did awesome!  I am so proud:)  Then we went shopping...I much prefer fighting crowds in Chi-town than traffic/loonies in Kzoo.  I just felt like I was home.  I can never explain why...but from the moment I and all of my belongings hit that city, I knew that I had come home.  It is a place filled with so many different people...all shapes, sizes, colors, styles...and no judging.  It truly feels warm and cozy...like I have come running into arms of acceptance.  And as I ramble, I think I am realizing that this is what I miss...here in Kzoo there is nothing to do.  So everyone judges and criticizes.  Does it really matter that I don't have on designer jeans...that I bought mine for $3 at target?  But idle hands make idle minds and I think this is the disease of Kzoo life.  So, this weekend was bittersweet.  I hadn't been back since February...too long.  It refreshes me so much!  Yet, I realize as I talk to hubby, that we will probably never go back.  He does not miss it...he hates the traffic, people, cost...he says its too much.  So, I am not holding my breath to move back...just looking with anticipation for any amount of time I can be there to rejuvinate.  And, yet, I terribly digress...we were shopping, and shopping, and shopping...finally, hubby took b back to the hotel and my little sis and I went around.  It was alot of fun...she is the one that out of all, I have spent the least amount of time.  We shopped until our feet almost fell off--literally!  And then decided we should go rest...hubby got some krispy kremes...sinful!  And we watched a movie....b decided to get up at the butt-crack of dawn!  Too exhausting...we ate breakfast and left....we HAD to stop by Michigan City to hit the outlet:)  A little disappointing, but that could be due to how hideous b was behaving...  The fam was coming over Sunday night to celebrate christmas...hubby and I decided to have a relaxing Christmas day...so that meant no mad dash to get to fam's or have them over....so we did it last night instead!  I baked ALL afternoon long...man, my body HURTS!  I didn't get to sit down to about 7:30 and I had forgotten to eat.  It went well...I was more stressed out than I wish I had been.  All in all...a great weekend.  It's just a matter of deciding that someone else is not going to dictate how you enjoy your own life...and being able to apply that to family too!  Now...I guess I should talk about what has been going on in the past month...but I have to get planning the rest of my shopping (AHHH!) and Christmas lunch---why didn't I plan better?!!!