         Wow...it's been a while...so much has happened...including celebrating another anniversary of my birth...  But, that is not what I want to talk about...this is all very strange, so please bear with me...  Let's start with some background...starting in high school, early high school...I would get these premonitions.  It was weird at first, I would brush it off as coincidence...then, it just got freaky.  It was like a pit of your stomach feeling...something was about to happen, I would never know exactly what--not that detailed, but I would know something.  It became too often to be coincidence.  So, for high school and most of college, I paid attention to this and it was getting more precise...being able to tell who was on the phone, thinking about someone I hadn't talked to in a while and getting a call...knowing something was about to happen...freaky.  So, when I had a meltdown in Chicago and purged crap out of my life, this was something I began to ignore...I didn't have the energy it took.  So, a few months ago, some of my work friends went to see a psychic...the psychic told one of them she got vibes she was a wicca (SP?)...well, sure enough, this girl had some freaky occurences with a ouiji board...so, my birthday...one of the girls had debated between a psychic reading for me or some quarters for Vegas...she chose the quarters--Yeah!!!  Anyway...so, yesterday I was thinking about if I did go see a psychic...would she recognize if I had any sort of funky capabilities...which got me thinking about the fact that I really hadn't paid attention/noticed anything for a long time...  B and I get home...I check the mail and grab the newspaper...same as I do every single day...sorted the mail--mine, hubby's, crap...but instead of setting aside the paper, like I do EVERY SINGLE DAY, for hubby, I decided to open it up...once it was opened, I thought, there is nothing I really want to look at...so I just flipped through each section...looked at a couple sales fliers...and on the way to putting it on hubby's pile...decide to check out the last page...you know, deaths, births, marriages...WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK I SEE!!!!! Mr X is getting married!!!!!  I am like speachless...I don't know which I am more aghast about...the previous shit or the fact he is getting married...I am just so totally weirded out...I talked to bf yesterday about it...she really is the only one who would understand and she vaguely remembers this shit from high school...but I just feel so weirded out.  I told hubby last night about the impeding marriage but had to laugh it off like it was no biggie...which it really isn't, I just couldn't tell him I was weirded out because he would want to know why, and, quite frankly, I don't even know why...  basically, I just needed to discuss some more and I don't really know what to say and needed to relay it out again...hopefully, it will help me be non-weirded...