         ahhh...the ho-hum of life settles back in.  I have been relaxing, trying to have fun, and get all my crap done at the same time...not working so well!  I read "What Dreams May Come"...one of my fav movies, the book was pretty cool too.  It explained some of what the movie wasn't able to cover.  I also read "Riding in Cars with Boys"...again, love the movie.  The movie was actually just about a mirror of the book.  I have really missed reading...my next is "Tuesdays with Morrie"...I have heard it is a good one, we'll see!  For non-fiction, I am reading "Exciting Careers with Sociology" or something to that extent...before I commit to going back to school, I thought I would research what my possibilities are with my current degrees.  I have the Psychology one as well but haven't had a chance to start.  Planted a dozen rose hedges this weekend...what fun!  I can't wait to see them grow/blossom.  6-8 weeks!  I am now waiting for my miniature rose plants for mother's day.  I am hoping they get here this week yet...I am going to my in-laws for the first time in a year and would like to bring them now.  My grandma bought an african violet for me...I am hoping I don't kill it...my clover is not doing so hot...it keeps dying, coming back, etc!  I don't know why...I think it is the feng shui bug biting...but I have a thing for plants lately.  Went to MI City on Saturday with my friend and both our kids.  It was kind of chilly but we had a good time.  Hubby didn't scream at me about my purchases either...amazing!  We really have been doing so much better...I think that my resolve to behave mixed with my vacation has mellowed me...things aren't as serious as I used to crack them up to be.  It is so much more fun to enjoy life than have your panties up in a bunch.  Tomorrow is  DAY ONE  of the infamous Pfizer take over...we shall see.  No news in the big K-zoo on what's staying or what's going...  Before I go...I LOVE PUNK'D!  It cracks me up!  This is so my sick humor...why didn't I market that idea first?!  Halarious!