         ahhh...still basking in the halarious memories of my trip...I keep remembering new things that crack me up...  okay, have you ever felt fake breasts???  While, I did!  Our friend Sandy at Studio54 had some amazing breasts, which bf was commenting on, she invited us to feel. BF wouldn't but I figured what the heck?!  My, fake breasts feel cool...they are so firm with a little squishy.  I am seriously considering having implants just so I can feel them all day..okay, not really!  BFbugging our bell-guy, Pierre.  He had to be my dad's age...and she just kept bugging...he told her he had kids, didn't phase her... BF walking around without shoes because she wore stiletto's in the airport...duh?!  Her feet were so hideous, I made her get a pedicure...understand, I hate feet to begin with...but these feet needed a makeover in the worst way...the pedicure helped a little...but they still need help!  Stan...this kid was halarious...think of Cody from that crazy friday night show that I can't remember the name of...oh yeah, Step by Step...yet not so annoying.  At one point, he was yelling at all of us because we were degrading his IQ...he said that his IQ was "Way Higher" than all of us combined...so I said...you have a 50...he said "at least!" 50 is right above the mentally challenged level.  Chad...he was too cute...he told me that if he never talked to me again, to remember there was someone in CA that would drop everything in a heartbeat for me.  It doesn't do me an ounce of good since I don't know more than his first name...and I don't remember where he said they lived in CA!  BF still thinks I will hear from him...I say, no way.  He totally would have called by now.  But he was so sweet, he definitely was on top of his game!  I just thought he was really cool...and not just because he liked me over BF...I am hoping that by the end of the month I will have just a vague memory of him...  Everything else is going well...B is misbehaving like mad, but hubby and I are doing so much better.  I think overall the vaca was good for my soul.  Seriously looking at graphic arts, with maybe some more english...I could do advertising or such and then start working on books...we'll see.