         okay...I am still trying to recover...but ready to spill the good dish...  Understand, my friend is very insecure...this is the only reason I can understand that she constantly asks guys if she is hot and flirts incessantly.  After about, two hours this gets annoying!!!  I am so the opposite.  Quite frankly, I don't care what people think...I mean, yes, I want to look good, but who are these complete strangers to me???  So, I am very used to these type of friends getting all the attention...it is the people that look beyond that behavior that I usually mesh with...there were a couple people like that.  It is actually funny, I met more people that were severely annoyed by her than enamored by her...kind of karma for me...I don't mind playing the back burner...I am very used to it!  Anyway, you get the idea...we can't step outside of our hotel room without her trying to flirt with everyone with a penis.  After a couple days, I was tired of it...I told her I was on penis overload...there is nothing fun about having old, horny men trying to get all over you.  The first club we went to, there were these dorky hispanic men that were too old to be there who kept trying to grind on me...boners gross me out, especially when they are so obviously desperate!  I was getting so pissed at her..I kept trying to ditch them and she kept reeling them back in...she kept saying, At least they are buying our drinks...point 2-I don't give a crap...I will buy my own drink, I don't expect someone else to pay for it...especially when I know what they want in return and there is no way in heck they are getting what they want!  So I kept hiding out in the bathroom...and on one trip, she busts out and does a line!!! OHMIGOD!!!  I was not expecting drugs to come into the picture!  The freaks that were giving it to her tried to pressure me into it...hello?!  I am 26 years old...a bit beyond peer pressure, please!  If I was going to give in, I would have done that a long time ago...I don't believe in using those types of drugs...alcohol effects your brain, I know..but that is as far as I go with an alternative state of euphoria...I'm a natural girl:)  So that kind of put me off too...  Also, we are in Vegas...did your hubby really believe that we would not be going to clubs dancing and drinking???  About every 3 hours, her hubby would call and need the blow by blow detail of what we were doing and what we had done since the last time we talked...drove me nuts!  Now, I understand that hubby and I went through some extreme situations, he has learned, I don't like to answer to anyone...so he doesn't feel the need to keep tabs...he trusts that I will do the right thing, and if I don't I will get myself back into line...unfortunately, I broke that trust and I don't really know that I should tell him...do I want to hurt him again?  At this point, I am trying to pawn it off as not a big deal...a little of it is working...a little isn't...  So...it was Friday night...we had met Sara and just partied WAY too hard at Studio 54...we were going to catch a cab...my friend needed to go to the bathroom, so I waited...we were walking out when this guy stops her for a cigarette...of course, she starts flirting with him...by this point, I had gotten so sick of it that I would keep walking and eventually she would catch up...well, she didn't, so I had to go back...by this time, she and Stan were sitting on a sofa type thing yacking it up...Stan had a friend...I was nice and said hi, but I think I made it clear I was not interested...but, watching her and Stan were like watching morons unite...halarious!  Two people that should never breed together, too close to brother and sister!  So, Chad and I started laughing about it...he was on the same page...so I figured I could just talk to him...he is from CA, cute, kinda short (just a little taller than I am) and exactly like Dave Matthews...he SAID he had a fiance...so I grilled him, of course she was tall blonde and beautiful...we just talked like old friends, my word, the majority of my friends until I got married were guys, so it was no big deal...I'm married, he's engaged...we decide to go get a drink and so Stan and Sam followed...we were laughing and talking and forgot about Stan and Sam who kept making out...so someone mentions going to their room...I think, no big deal, Sam can get her groove on and I can keep talking to the most normal guy I have met out in Vegas...  We get to their room...not before making fun of Stanley Leroy Jackson, III who seems to be too drunk to remember where the room is!  and has the same birthday as I do...just four years earlier...there are two other friends in there...who obviously passed out after having sex...they were cool, they liked to bash Stan too...it was halarious... They pull out some weed...again, don't do drugs, but I'm used to people smoking pot in front of me, no big deal...Chad opts not to as well...he thought it was "cute" that I had morals...yeah.  So, he grabs me and kisses me...I was completely taken off guard...i truly swear, I am the most naive person in the world...I had no fucking clue he liked me...I knew we liked talking to each other...well, low and behold, he is not engaged...it was a line...and, quite frankly, I feel like I am the only one who would fall for a bull shit line like that...I mean, come on!  So, basically, what it boils down to...I spent six hours with this guy, some kissing, some talking, a lot of making fun of Stan and Sam...he was so cool, so cute, so me.  I really felt like I connected with him...don't ask me why or how I rationalized all of it, but I did.  Sam and Stan were in each other's pants, though,  now she swears they didn't have sex...not quite sure I believe that.  Chad was so nice about not pushing himself on me...he kept telling me to relax, I kept telling him I have a son...and that I knew I was being played...which I did and I didn't...now I do, yet am still holding out hope he will call me...why?  Because, I feel like if we had met other than that way we would have been really good friends.  He left me with two monster hickies...oh so cool.  I flipped out...how would I explain those???  Luckily, they are gone, but I do feel like a jackass...and I feel like more of a jackass because I don't feel more guilty.  My hubby funds this trip and takes care of B and I behave like a college kid...I swear to you, I am not meant to be married.  I feel bad for my hubby...I really do.  I feel like he deserves to know that he can't trust me to stick around.  The only reason I didn't agree to go to CA with Chad is because of B...that's a little fucked up.  Anyway, I told Chad the only way I would believe that the entire night wasn't about his penis would be if he called me...so here I wait at work...and, surprise, no call...yet, I am still holding my breath...how pathetic...