         This is an email I sent to tell everyone the "G" rated memories...I will fill more in later!   Oh, boy!  I thought I would write one long email...I am so exhausted, yet excited to fill everyone in...it was definitely the trip of a lifetime  Sam and I met in Vegas...we both took red-eye flights out on the 26th...we have been planning this trip for four months, so it seemed surreal that the time was actually upon us.  Both being moms, our gut reaction was to go home to bed, but we knew how lame that would be if that was our way of greeting Vegas...mind you, Vegas is three hours behind ET time...so, our bell boy recommended "The Beach"... unfortunately, it was college night.  We had fun though, kind of set the mood for the rest of the trip...if you could get past the girls in their thongs (the cocktail waitresses).  Thursday...Friday...Saturday...Sunday...I won't recount the whole trip...we basically did not sleep until Saturday  night...we would take a couple hour nap and go back out.  It was great!  I really don't know how we survived...but it was a blast!    The best parts...winning $25 in a slot machine made my week...made it not hurt so bad when I lost at roulette.  Gambling is not my thing...I am too "frugal" to lose lots of money.  I ended up playing nickel slots...does not induce much pain when you lose all of $2!!!  We tried blackjack..everyone at the table was so sweet and helped us out...  We LOVED Studio 54!!!  It was so awesome!  I am seriously thinking of marketing this here in Kalamazoo, there is nothing like it where I have been...even Chicago pales to this club!  We met a great girl...named Sara no less!!! Who lives in Vegas.  She was so sweet and told us she would get us in and up to VIP because she is friends with everyone that works there.  When we got there, we were able to bypass the entire line, walk right in...perfect timing...their show was just starting.  There were ladies hanging from swings, doing acrobatics to the music, amazing! We felt the music getting louder and faster...Sara told us to watch up...all of a sudden, two people jump from the rafters, with bungee like cords, bouncing up and down doing all kinds of flips, etc...crazy fun!!!  To top it off...Jennifer Lopez was there...and so was Pauly Shore!  Like I said, one of the hippest places to be in Vegas...I would fly out there just to go there!  We rented this adorable car...it was a little larger than a go-cart.  It goes up to 30mph and you drive it up and down the strip...it was halarious!  We gave a couple people a lift...it was so much fun!  We took it into parking garages....quite a reaction!    The Venetian...beautiful, beautiful hotel!  I spoke with several Italian people...Sam kept telling everyone I was Italian...very embarassing when they thought that meant I could speak italian!  Our gondola ride was fun!  I swear this boy needs to marry my sister...He had an amazing voice and was serenading us down the river (mind you, this is on the second floor INSIDE the hotel)...well, we were all laughing and having fun and he said that he had a special song for us...he pulled under the bridge and said he would have to sing VERY quietly...then he busted out with "I don't think you're ready for this jelly..." etc...yes, yes, he was singing BOOTYLICIOUS...halarious!  We were crying we were laughing so hard!  Anyway...you get the picture...we had the most awesome time, met a lot of cool people, came home exhausted, but hearts warm with many many memories!  It was wonderful to see Scott and Brennan, and I am sure the memories will brighten my boring days at the grind with the engineers who have absolutely no idea what Studio 54 is...(hint~a recreation of a club named Studio 54 in New York, which was big in the '70s)...  Love you all~ Sar