         This is so halarious...a friend emailed this to me:   MasterCard Wedding!   This is a true story about a recent wedding that took place  at Clemson University. It was in the local newspaper and even  Jay Leno mentioned it.   It was a huge wedding with about 300 guests. After the  Wedding at the reception, the groom got up on stage with a  microphone to  talk to the crowd. He said he wanted to thank everyone for coming,  many from long distances, to support them at their wedding. He especially  wanted to thank the bride's and his family and to thank his new  father-in-law for providing such a lavish reception.   As a token of his deep appreciation he said he wanted to  give everyone a special gift just from him. So taped to the bottom  of everyone's chair, including the wedding party, was a manila  envelope.  He said this was his gift to everyone, and asked them to open their  envelope.  Inside each manila envelope was an 8x10 glossy of his bride having  sex with the best man.   The groom had gotten suspicious of them weeks earlier and  had hired a private detective to tail them. After just standing  there, just watching the guests' reactions for a couple of minutes, he  turned to the best man and said,"F--- you!". Then he turned to his bride  and said,"F--- you!" Then he turned to the dumbfounded crowd and  said, "I'm outta here."   He had the marriage annulled first thing in the morning. While  most people would have canceled the wedding immediately after  finding out about the affair, this guy goes through with the charade, as if  nothing were wrong His revenge...making the bride's parents pay over  $32,000 for a 300 guest wedding and reception, and best of  all, trashing the bride's and best man's reputations in front of 300  friends and family members.   MasterCard wedding for 300 guests ...........$32,000.  Wedding photographs commemorating the occasion............$3,000.  Deluxe two week honeymoon accommodations in Maui.......$8,500.  The look on everyone's face when they see the  8x10 glossy of the bride humping the best man... Priceless.   There are some things money can't buy, for everything else  there's MASTERCARD.