         It's so strange...I tried to pull up my archives, but for some reason, they cut out a large majority of my blogs...oh, to be internet literate!  Anyway...I always get a kick out of where I have been and where I am now...boy, was I a good case for some major Prozac!  I truly take myself a lot less seriously.  The scary thing is, I know that when I was starting to blog I had already come a long way from where I was...wow, I pity my friends and hubby from then!!!  What's new...hubby and I are so much better...I am not sure what happened...I know I just got tired of fighting the same fight.  Are we perfect? Hell, no!  I know he will always have his issues, I will always have mine...the challenge is finding a place to meet.  Sometimes closer to you, sometimes closer to me.  We have been pretty successful with that dance as of late.  Friends...wow, I forgot about the "falling out" with my mommy friends...unfortunately, that did not change.  The main culprit emailed me a few weeks or so ago.  I never responded.  I am still hurt but realize people have different ideas of friendship.  I am just beyond the point I need to try to force someone to be my friend.  I want a friendship where someone is as invested as I am...and her friendship was not that way.  I did make another mommy friendship...but she is very, very clingy.  She wants to talk every other day...I HATE to talk on the phone...I swear it is from talking too much in jr high and high school.  She will leave messages "I haven't heard from you in a while...um, two days ago!!  It just bothers me...I like my space and independence.  BF...never heard from him again...and I don't know how to get ahold of him...I love him, and pray he is doing well...someday...  Other BF...well, I just talked to her for about 20minutes after a little over a month.  Ugh...somethings don't change and some days I have more tolerance than others.  I have been having some health issues and was trying to explain and voice my frustration...hubby and I have no give to our schedule...I have work all day, b all night...nothing gives.  "Oh, that is the same way for me..."  Umm, you just got done telling me you take them to the pool everyday...and your hubby is always taking time off to take care of them...or they are at the daycare so you can be home by yourself.  How is that the same???  I don't know why this surprises me...nothing ever changes.  I just need someone to vent to about it...I am trying to stay upbeat about it, but it is hard to feel handicapped and see so many changes to your body and feel like you can't do a bloody thing about it!  T...I feel terrible...this month has been horrible with Scott's training schedule...so I have been acting like a hermit.  I haven't called her in forever!  I got to talk to her for about ten minutes today...but that's it.  I can be such a bitch...I really don't know why I get that way...I think I would be quite content on a desert island with my family and that's it.  Can't wait for the weekend!!! Going to Riverdance with some friends...other than that, hopefully relaxing!!!