         okay...I don't usually comment on tv...how lame-0, I know!  But I have a few things I must get off my chest...  First...the Alias season finale...what was that about???!!! Do they think that I can wait until next season to find out why Vaughn has a wedding finger back on his hand...Sidney has been out of it for two years...and why they allowed Will to survive?!  I can't...of course, thinking back...I also was the one who obsessed for months that they could not kill off Vaughn from the season 1 finale...if you don't know what happened, a) you obviously have a life on Sunday evenings and b) are nuts for missing this show!  Anyway...very good cliff-hanger, but I don't know if I can wait...  Secondly, do you ever watch the Bachelor???  This is one of the shows I watch because I love to laugh.  Just like sorority life...but that is a different topic.  Anyway, last night...Andrew wants Tina to open up...Tina opens up and tells the guy she is majorly falling for him...first of all, coming from a family of people who do not open up, that statement to him, and it was more like a long conversation, was huge for her, and is he too dumb to realize that?!  Just because she is not throwing herself at him or bad-mouthing her competition...then, after she did not receive a rose, Andrew walks her out...he is trying to explain they did not have enough time together, yadayadayada...  then, on his follow-up interview, he says, "Even in the end, I was hoping to get her to open up emotionally, but she just never would" (NOT an exact quote)...umm, hello??? You just dumped the girl on national television and you want her to sob to you about how she was falling in love with you...excuse me while I exit the area, there isn't enough room with your head in the way!  I didn't even like Tina much until last night...So we are left with Kirsten, who I am getting sick of her nit-picking on everyone..."she isn't ready for a relationship"...this coming from the girl who had her boyfriend drop her at the airport on her way out!  and Jen, she seems nice...very real...as real as reality tv can be, i guess...  and while I am slumming it talking about the scary shows I watch...sorority life...like, if she, like, becomes, like, a sister, like, i don't, like, want to, like, be one, like, too...okay maggie!  This show cracks me up...it is the epitome of why I have issues with girls paying for friends.  One of my non-payroll friends and I were talking (okay, really laughing) about it...this is what we summed up: a) sororities, not okay...all they do is cat fight and bitch.  There really is no point except to out-mean each other. b) fraternities...okay.  Reason being, they have two goals, get laid and get drunk (and not necessarily in that order).  No harm done there...no one will be forever scarred by having an angry mob beat up on them verbally because they didn't curl their hair the right way. One of her "sorority" friends is so outraged by this show because it is so not like the way like real like sororities like behave...excuse me???  This is a mirror image of every sorority chick I know!  I think that deep down, sorority chicks are the most insecure girls...they are the ones that can't make friends on their own because they are too scared to put themselves out there.  So they pay for these friends and they all empower each other and they become the bitchy group of friends they are...so, in a way, I guess sororities are good.  They give girls self-esteem...but at what price does the end justify the means?  And, yes, I do realize I am now psychoanalyzing an MTV show!  BOTS...I cannot wait for the reunion...Melissa looks hot!  And somehow, I am disappointed that Genesis and her wife are no longer together...Jamie looks cute with the long hair and minus the beard...  anyway...enough about tv shows...