         back from a wonderful weekend away...hubby and I went to Mackinaw City and Mackinac Island...to celebrate four years...wow!  It really seems so long yet only a few moments...so cliche, I know! but it is true...  Tomorrow is my big dive into the Weight Watchers club...fun, fun!  I was talking to my friends at lunch today...one of my friends, who I have suspected has a e.d., blew up...it was kind of comical, and insulting, all at the same time!  She said, workout...I said, I do...she said, watch what you eat, I said, I do!  People like her don't understand that not everyone who is fat is lazy...I guess I have been blessed with a life of diversity.  I have met so many people from so many different walks of life, I understand that everyone leads very separate, individual lives.  An event will effect me differently than it will you...unfortunately, not everyone is open minded or embraces diversity.  My other friend was really interested though...she has suffered alot of the similar things I have...she said her dr had mentioned PCOS but she never dug deeper.  I encouraged her to find out more...not for the soul reason of getting pregnant but just because of the health issues later on.  Just her reaction made it worth the other's.  I know I will face people like that for an eternity...and that is okay.  I feel bad more for them, than the discomfort they cause me.  I know what it is like to be closed minded, I used to be like that.  You miss out on life...you hold everyone else up to a certain standard, and yourself...no one can live up to that...and you spend your whole life frustrated and mad at yourself and those around you for failing.  Life passes by.  I am not sure why the mind change, but I can whole heartedly say, life is so much more enjoyable now that I don't take everything as a life or death circumstance.  There are serious issues, but not everything that arises is serious.  It is good to be able to sit back and laugh...I think I laugh the hardest at myself...  Anyway...sorry about the digression.