         what a long week...  ho-hum...dull drum of life...hubby's bro, dad, and uncle came down this weekend to help with the house...I keep saying we are almost there...could it be?  supposed to go to the Wayside on Friday but friends cancelled...gave me a good excuse to guilt my husband over him being an ass....anyway, ended up going to a going away party for a friend with my sis...the same sis this guy was in love with...it was nerve wracking.  High chance of running into christian school bastards...fortunately, none recent.  Just one that has not changed much...pretty funny!  Won't the girls be jealous!  It was so good to see P...I haven't really seen him since he left the christian school bastardization.  Things were weird between us since Mr X and I broke up...he and Mr X were tight for a while...but it was so nice, nothing about him came up and it was like he and I were friends all over again...however, I kept thinking, I am too old...it felt like your first alcohol party...it was funny...I had a good time though, paid for it on Saturday when I had to get up and be social...can't I just sleep a while?  Went to the dr again...she said she can firmly diagnose me with PCOS...is that good or bad?  A little of both...from what I read online, I should be (and am) very thankful we got pregnant when we did...there is no guarantee I will ever be able to get preggo again.  That is hard...but, I was being told that and trying to deal with that without a diagnosis.  Hopefully, it will mean some help with the weight issue...it is hard being fat.  I have been on strike since I got back from Vegas...so now, I need to convince myself to get back into gear, eat right, excercise, etc.  Supposedly, there is a medicine they can give to me if they find out my body isn't dealing with insulin appropriately.  This medicine will force my body to deal with it and, thus, allowing weight loss...finally, maybe!  Trying not to hold my breath since I have been fighting a long and painful battle with this for three years.  But a potential end is better than convincing myself I am okay with this.  Frustration...why didn't the dr's recognize this before?  Why did  I  have to bring it up?  She said the symptoms have been there since puberty...it is just a matter of no one having gone through my entire file...they treat for what you are presently there for...whatever...I am just trying to find someone to be mad at.  Until my bloodwork comes back, she suggested I check into Weight Watchers...she said it will be that much easier when I do see a specialist and I try to get them to prescribe me Metaformin...so, I will dutifully check into it...she actually did not recommend Atkins...whew!  That diet sounds nuts!  She said she has been on and off it three times and, yes, she loses weight but then will gain it right back.  Weight Watchers describes better the correct portions and formulas for healthy eating...here I go!