         Wow...I can't believe how long it has been...I guess that is what happens when your life isn't all that exciting so you don't feel a burning need to blog...however, after reading a few other blogs (the sis') I decided I should update mine too:)  Not much new has happened...I called Mr. X last week(?) nothing exciting...just to say hey and to see if he was done being freaked out.  I must have been in one of my "bitch can't stop me" moods because I asked him what it was that freaked him out.  He said that I had been talking about all these thoughts and that he just didn't want me to get over my head without being realistic...i laughed--hehe--how's that for a blow to the ego--and told him that I think he misunderstood what I had said and that I never meant to propose anything because that was FAR from where I was at...had I thought about it?  yeah...sadly, so...however, i may be f#@*ed up but I am not that far gone...well, after I said that he wanted to get off the phone and told me to call him any time...I said "please feel free to do the same" and left it at that...so, basically, I am going to leave it there...I came, I heard, and I walked away...I know what is there and I have to believe there was a reason I had walked away before and I need to release myself from that...whew...what a revelation!  Too bad I couldn't have come to that conclusion before I started down such an idiotic path!  I am just very thankful that in all of that I chose not to go the step further to see him...that would have been jumping right into the fire...  Hubby is still as clueless as ever...but I think that he is going to start trying with more vigor...my resolve is back to be the best little wifey and mommy I can be...I just need some excitement in my life...so maybe I will get that tatoo afterall:)  I did get my belly button pierced awhile back...I thought my bod was made for piercings because I have never had any problems with getting pierced but now my belly button is a little sore...so I've started back with the bactine...ouch!  it stings a little but I've seen the alternative...a friend with a piercing gone straight to hell and it looked as though her belly button and the rest of her stomach were going to fall off or be taken over by gangrene...  One of bf was supposed to come in from Kansas in February...never heard from him...I tried to call but his phone number is no longer valid....ehhhh...I keep wanting to call his bro and ask what's going on, but I chicken out...I don't want to be told that he forgot about me or that he didn't want to see me...so I guess I'll wait until I run smack dab into one of the fam...