         ahhh...so little to say, so much room to say it in.  where to begin...my dvd player is broken...which sucks.  I have worked very hard at buying dvd's without hubby finding out, and now I can't watch any!  I really need to go buy a new one, but, that would require me to go and pick one out...I haven't decided what features I would like.  Right now, we have a disk carousel...which I was originally very excited about...other than my movie obsession, I have a music obsession...which reminds, me...I need to turn on some music, hold on.  Okay, I'm back.  Anyway, the disk carousel doesn't automatically bounce to the next disc once one is done.  That sucks.  So, I am not sure I really need that feature since it doesn't do what I want anyway...then, after I do buy one, I have to try to figure out the wiring again...now, hopefully, this will be very easy.  Hopefully, the same plugs that I used on the broken one will just need to be put into a new one.  My hubby fakes ignorance on this crap, so I get to figure it out...boy is he in trouble when I croak!  Well...I made it to my friends party on the 21st.  It was too funny.  And, it proved to them that I seriously always run into someone I know when I go out.  At her party was this kid I went to middle school with...and we remembered each other.  I knew I went to middle school with him (4th or 5th grade)...he remembered where I live!  I guess we rode the same bus, which I didn't recall.  Once again proving this town is way too small!  Last weekend was another wedding.  This time, one of hubby's roommates from college.  It was pretty fun.  Met some of the rednecks from up north who cracked me up...  Well...the layoffs have started.  My boss still thinks I will be okay through at least the summer.  It is going to be so hard.  The goodbyes have already started...I just get too personally attached.  Some of these guys I have worked with for almost two years, I truly care about some of them.  A lot of my friends are aliens, so if they lose their jobs, they have 30 days to find a new job or else they have to leave the country...the man at work.  It's just sad to watch, and I worry about these guys.  Some of them are holding that rod awfully tight...I pray they can deal when it happens...  Boy, that ended on a depressing note, but it'll be okay.