         Ahhh....life....what a bitch.  Just kidding, just seems to be an extremely eventful time right now...so, where to begin?  I don't really have a long term memory for a lot of stuff, so I will probably forget something I wanted to blog about, oh well...I guess the stuff I remember is the most important, right?  First off, the best part...I finally got my hubby to break and we bought a baker's rack...yippee!  Do you remember when I mentioned I'm a bit ocd?  Well, this has been constantly on my mind for the past few months...I've looked at tons!  I wanted one for the kitchen to hold my microwave.  We had been using a microwave stand I have had since Chicago!  It looks awesome!  It makes the kitchen feel so open and big...and me so happy!  It's the little things in life:)  I saw one on sale at Meijer's, so I convinced him this was the best we would get...which is probably true.  So double whammy, I got the baker's rack AND it was on sale!  Now, for the other crap...Hubby and B went to his family's this weekend...his grandma burns wood for heat, so he went to help the family chop her wood.  So, I stayed home to work on the house.  My big project was refinishing our stairs.  These ugly things have been like this since February...yuck!  So, all week, I have been working on sanding so I could stain and varnish...so, I took half a day on Friday to finish up the sanding and get started.  My friend and I were supposed to go outlet shopping on Saturday, so I stayed up basically all night to get it all done.  Saturday morning...can't sleep, friend hasn't called.  So, I decide to be proactive and get painting.  I needed to prime and paint the underside of the stairs and paint my trim.  So, I pull out the primer and paint.  I start to prime.  Well, there are some spots on the stairs where the varnish and/or stain hadn't completely dried.  So, the primer was simply mixing...so, I decide to stop that and work on the trim.  I am painting away...at the top of the stairs is a window I cannot totally reach, so I bring up a stool.  I'm painting away when I shift my weight and a leg of the stool slips off the step.  I catch myself and the stool by grabbing onto the window sill...however, I also was successful in knocking the FULL can of primer down the stairs...from the top it goes clunk, splash, thud!  I was in absolute shock...I stood there just looking down the staircase, unable to fathom what just happened!  A minute later, it dawns on me, this is real, this is bad...so, I run into our bedroom and call mommy.  Trying not to have a nervous breakdown, I explain what I just did...to which she asks, "Is it oil or water based?"  To which I reply, "I don't know"...well, if it was oil based, you would know because it really stinks.  So, you just have to get a couple buckets of water and wipe it up, keep mopping until you get it all.  I thought, I can do this...so I tredge down the stairs (reminiscent of Titanic when they are wading down the stairs being flooded with water) trying not to make the mess worse than it is...I start cleaning it up, it's a bitch, so I decide I better look at the can...you guessed it, it's OIL based!!!  I quickly call my mom, on the verge of hysterics..."Oh my word...how did you not smell that?  Okay, get as much mopped up as possible as soon as possible and I'll be over"  Umm, have I ever mentioned, I don't have a sense of smell?!  So, here I am grabbing all the old kitchen towels, trying to figure out how to get a two inch puddle up...it is going everywhere!  I get as much as possible mopped up and sit down in it all...to start balling.  My newly finished steps are now stark white again...and it had been all I could do to motivate myself to stain and not paint in the first place, and now here I was back at the option of painting...ugh!  My mom comes in, and I tell her, nevermind, this is never going to get cleaned up...well, she has come armed with a dozen chemicals, and we are going to find one that works...thank god and the inventor of mineral spirits!!!  We worked for about three hours scrubbing mineral spirits with steel wool onto those stairs...and got almost all of it up!  Unbelievable!!!  I so wish I had taken a before picture, no words could ever describe how bad it was...even my mom admitted yesterday that she had not thought there was hope!  Halarious?  Yes!  But also scary that my husband still allows me to do most of the improvements!!!  So, hubby and b went to see his family this weekend...and, when he got home, he handed me this card from his brother and sister-in-law addressed to he and I...when I opened and read it, it said "Aunt S and Uncle S"...oh, god...she's pregnant.  Of course, hubby was eagle eyed to see how I would react...and, I think I earned an Oscar for my performance...I really want to be happy for them, and I think I am, but I also am dreading the next nine months.  She is three weeks along...how am I going to deal with this when all I want to do is cry?  I want to be sincere, not fake...what a jerk I am!  I feel like a real bitch, and, I probably am.  I was just going to mention to hubby about my wanting to discuss the possibility of taking chlomid...talking to the dr next time I go.  But I know he is now going to think it is because she is pregnant...and, it brings up the whole thing about the fact that all of my maternity clothes, baby clothes, and baby equipment is up north...do I have to give her what is left of our baby and maternity stuff?  I don't know if I could deal with seeing my stuff being used other than by us...I really don't think I can handle watching them use all of my stuff, am I a bitch or what?!  But, now, i know my mother in laws question will be, why don't we just give it to M?  I knew I should have beat them up for this stuff the past two years!  I don't know...I did the good "sister in law" thing and got a card and gift to send up there...and, again, I really am happy for them, it just makes it that much more painful for me and it makes it difficult for me to do my usual "coping" and just ignore everything that isn't happening...and on top of it, I just feel extremely guilty because I know this all has nothing to do with me but I automatically am thinking of how this is really fucking with my head!    So, the long and short of it?  My life seems never to dull of drama...what I wouldn't give for a quiet, peaceful life...I'm not as depressed as I would have been if this all happened a year or so ago...but, it is getting harder to find the humorous side of life...