         ahhh...I'm exhausted...but I have visited all my frequent internet hang outs...so I'm left with my blog.  My "bf" showed up on my doorstep on Sunday morning.  Her grandma passed away unexpectedly and she had come to see her before she died.  She did not want to be there when hospice took the body out.  Her family life is messed up to say the least.  Her grandma had taken care of her when she was really little and they have been close.  She hung out all day Sunday, spent the night, and was there most of the day Monday.  The funeral is today but I'm not sure if I will hear from her again before she leaves tomorrow.  I always forget how high maintenance she is until she is around...she really is like having another kid in the house to take care of...I feel guilty saying that, but it is true!  I think that is why I am so exhausted...  B starts preschool next week...hubby and I had an orientation meeting last night.  As an example of how tired and mentally foggy I am, a lady introduced herself and I offered my hand to shake...I had a small cup of juice in the other hand and dumped it on myself.  It was like I could not focus on more than one thing at a time...I was about to leave because the first part was socializing (which I did not realize until it was almost done, I thought the meeting was just starting extremely late!) and it was so incredibly loud...I wanted to shut my eyes and lay down, I could not deal with it.  I still feel like I am in a fog...my allergies are acting up as well, so maybe the combo of everything is making me this way...I hope.  Anyway, we have an open house tomorrow so B can meet his teacher.  She did her intro and said this is her first "real job" since graduating from college...oh, boy.  I have mixed feelings about that, a little apprehensive.  We also realized none of the children from last year are in his class this year...they are in a different 4 year old class.  I think I am going to call to make sure he is in the right class!  I finally had my scoliosis xrays done...according to the report my curve has grown again.  Ugh...how much more can be wrong with my body?  I dropped the xrays and report off to my specialist yesterday, so I'm anxious to hear what he has to say about it all.