         did I mention I got new furniture?  Ahhh...so nice for everything to match, it makes me feel so adult!  Our couch reclines and our oversized chair is a sleeper...it is wonderful.  We have yet to receive the oversized ottoman, but i can be patient!  Bob is so picking Kelly Jo!  Meredith got booted last night and that is who everyone THOUGHT was going to win...I think Mary and Estella are BEAUTIFUL...please do NOT get me wrong.  They seem oh so nice too, but he and Kelly Jo just have this compatibility that I think they should change it to the Bob and Kelly show.  Too cute!  Ugh...so i missed RW again!  I was up until 9:50!!! And, I thought, I'll just close my eyes for a moment...when you are exhausted, you can't rationalize, because even as I was thinking that, I knew I was going to sleep right through, but I couldn't stop!  Of course, I can't find a re-run either...I still haven't seen the season finale of Newlyweds!!!  MTV kills me...now they have the rich girl show on...just to watch these two try to explain on how their self-absorption is not really self-absorption is ridiculous.  But, who am I to judge?  I was definitely NOT raised as a rich girl...my little sisters lived in a little more luxury than I did, but, not I...so, we'll see.  They keep showing this clip of Ali Hilfiger (sp???) saying to this "modern day Ryan Philippe in Cruel Intentions" (Oh, so philosophical, Ali!!!) that three very important people told her she is too giving...who are the three?  Well, two psychics and her friend Liz.  Hmmm...why are you seeing two psychics in one day?  What else is new?  No call from S yet...I think it is safe to say, I shouldn't be calling her my bf.  It seems so safe to have someone to hand the title to, and yet, I always hand it to people that are so NOT my bf...truth be told, I have a lot of great friends...it's unfair to label any ONE as my bf as they all act as a great friend should...not S.  In a way I feel guilty, I explained it to one of my other friends, and told her I feel like I am living high school all over...she said, a)I'm nuts to allow someone be my friend who steals from me and then lies about it and b) I gave her a fair shot and she still obviously disrespects me so I should let her go...I guess if she never calls again that will be the easiest way to deal with this...but it is never that easy.