         wow...a whole hour without an eye twitch!  A miracle!!!  I swear it's from work...I don't know why...perhaps it is my peers bugging me to help make a quilt for the devil's baby...and being the only one with balls and integrity to say no.  I mean, I hate hypocrites...and wouldn't I be one if I did this?  I think so!  But, my posse has a good idea, tell them I've changed my mind and make one...with a BIG BLACK SHEEP!  HA!  Oh, I had it out with bf...well, if you could call it that.  I called her when I got home.  She was in the car with her hubby and kids, so I politely asked if now was a good time.  Well, we sat in silence until she asked why I was mad.  I told her I didn't understand her point to calling and bitching at me at work.  SHe flipped saying "I was so kidding!" I said, well, you said you were partly serious.  To which she went off about how I never call anymore, blah, blah blah.  I said it was hard to call and talk to someone who had no interest in what was going on with me and didn't have time to listen, just wanted to talk about what was going on with her.  She was offended, didn't expect her not to be.  She wanted me to explain my statements...so I recounted the million times I called and she would unleash her life story then turn around and say she had to go if I tried to talk.  She denies...big surprise.  So, I told her, you don't have a clue what is going on with my life, you don't ask, you aren't there when I try to talk...she thought I meant literally, so she told me to leave messages (umm, you don't have a machine!)...why must I deal with morons?!    Basically, it boils down to...she doesn't think I ever tried to talk, she isn't here so I can't expect her to be, and she needs me to blatantly ask for support...few issues, a)her hubby was in the background telling her what to say...you know what, dude? YOu don't have a clue what I'M saying so shut the fuck up...b)no shit you aren't here, I am not asking you to physically be here, and if you don't get that, well why are we having this discussion?!, c)halariously ironic...the next day, I got a cosmo girl magazine (don't ask!) and they had this article/blurb about friends...something to the effect, true friends are there for each other without being asked...okay, if teenagers get that, how did you lose that vital piece of 411!  To top it off, at the end of that, to which I just said, you obviously don't get where I am coming from, and I'm tired of talking about it...she asked, so what's been going on?  I laughed so hard I about wet myself...are you kidding me?!  I just told you, I don't tell you shit anymore because you aren't there...I have other people in my life who provide me with that...and yes, that means I am questioning why you are in my life, because, so far, all you do is use and steal... but I just found this funny...so, will I call her?  Why?  I don't call the people I do love and need...those who are there to support.  So before I call her lame ass, I think I will put back to those who have given to me...not stolen (sorry, I had to add that in there!)  Well, it was the day of sisters yesterday...big sis called...my bil is going to be a pastor!  Halarious!  I just find it so ironic...I don't know why, because, to those HCA jacks I wouldn't have been good enough to be related to a pastor!  Well, booyah!  Then, little sis called...she is in a black hole...and I feel really bad for her, not in a pity way, but because I really can identify with her situation...she misses her friends and wants to come home...I don't think I really helped, I tried to lead her through the logical reasons why she should NOT come...when you're emotional, you want to kill people like me...but, she has just seemed so happy...and who wouldn't be?  She got away, she is on the road to success.  I'm so skeptical of friends...so I don't think anyone should relocate just for friends.  I know the friends that I have are my friends no matter where I live and offer that support... I don't really know what to say to her, I just don't think what I said should have been it.  I hope she gets past the initial hurt and takes a step back to analyze.  Kzoo is not right for right now...and friends that would pressure you to change your life for them, aren't real friends.  Friends are supposed to support 110%...unless life threatening, or illegal (sometimes)!  So, not the type of friends I would relocate for.  But there lies a major difference between sis and I...at the end of the day, I truly don't give much of a rip what people think of me or what I do, she does.  Of course, I'm nuts anyway, so take my opinion with a grain of salt!