         Why, you ask, am I posting twice in the same week?  Because I am so not in the mood to work and I am stuck here until 2pm...ugh.  SO, I have read my email, my community board, a couple other sites, and now I'm here...I really don't even feel like talking, so I haven't replied yet to those emails (I WILL LISA!!!) nor did I post to the boards...I'm tired of talk.  I had the strangest, freakiest, nasty dream last night...I was a lesbian, which isn't exactly the nasty thing, freaky most definitely...but I was a lesbo with my bf, who is in questionable status.  And, we were trying to hide it from all of these Heritage people...for, duh, obvious reasons.  But then mr x came and I was fighting with bf so I wanted to be with him...I think something I ate right before bed does not agree with me!!!  So, to my dream last night, ew, don't come back!  Did I mention my roommate decided to divorce her hubby?  Good...he's a loser... Did I mention I have missed the past TWO weeks of Real World?  AND Newlyweds?    Thankfully, I have caught Newlyweds on re-runs...but where are the RW re-runs?  I really needed to see Leah get yelled at and CT go postal.  Don't get me wrong, I think Leah is gorgeous...I even forgive her that she is blonde.  I wonder what size she is...she looks larger than Mallory and Christina, but those two look like twigs.  Anyway...I went to Leah's site...wow...so hot!  And, she doesn't appear to goup herself up...I think she makes me laugh because she is so like my bf who thinks, I can walk into Gucci and give them shit because if I wanted that bag I would have it but choosing not to because I still like my model from last year better than this crappy version...watching Leah makes me appreciate myself...I'm sorry, it is hard to deal with people who like to be loud and obnoxious 24/7 and I DO think I should get a medal for hanging in there!  And CT?  He is so weird it is halarious!  Seriously, he is what I envision most caring guys to be like...trying to figure out the female population turns them neurotic...halarious!  But, we'll see if he gets kicked off because of his actions...they looked borderline on the preview and since no one believes in stepping in and stopping this shit before it goes down, so these people can be humiliated on public tv...whatever.  I mean, there have been very few times, but they have been there, where I want to take someone out back and beat them, to death...so, it happens to the best of us.  And, have you seen the crap he has put up with?  I would have killed someone, or at least verbally attacked them, a LONG time ago!  I give him credit for hanging in there...his roommates have been really mean and nasty to him...poor CT...  Wow...I really need to get a handle on watching reality tv...next thing you know Charla and I will be having coffee!  LOL...did I mention THAT...oh, Lord, that girl should feel like crap.  Paradise hotel...Keith decides to keep Charla and Dave.  All four (Tara is the other) must swap roommates for the vote.   So Charla and Keith win...and are given 250K and told they can either walk away with the check or split it with their "original" partner...they have 30min to decide.  Toni (UGH) hunts down Charla and convinces her NOT to give Dave the money...he doesn't deserve it, no one out there thinks he does, blah, blah, blah...didn't she watch the episodes?  Doesn't she get she would be doing herself a favor by SHUTTING UP?!  Anyway, Keith decides to give Tara half (I love him so much!) and Charla KEEPS IT ALL!  Last time I checked, you needed him and vice versa not to get kicked off!  Greedy, greedy!  At least she made up my mind for me...Tara I like better.  When Keith was telling her he was giving half of it, she was trying to convince him to keep it all for himself...what a friend.  Oh yeah, then Tara and Keith told everyone they were funding a trip for everyone to Vegas.  Now, I know this crap is pieced together...but there is no way I would have done that after the way they were treated...  Anyway...glad my life is so exciting I need to talk about TV!  There's junk to talk about, but I just don't wanna...maybe later...