         Wow...i love how everytime I log on, blogger looks different.  Makes me feel like I have been neglecting my blog!  What a funk I was in!  Not so bad anymore.  I think part of it has to do with shitty friends that won't leave me alone...and I must say, I am using the word friend very loosely!  My "friend" emailed me to see if I was having a Pampered Chef party anytime soon...I told her no, my mil can order if you want...well, lo and behold, she has started selling Mary Kay.  Why don't you just ball up and ask if I will have a party?  That's what kills me...you only want me around when you can use me, but you don't even have the guts to admit it.  Why don't I block her email???  Because I'm too nice and am a glutton for punishment!  Anyway...this weekend was good.  Skipped work Friday (seeing a theme?)...had a gyn appointment, though...so it wasn't all fun and games.  Anyway, talked to him to get his take on clomid.  He thinks we should give the metformin 6months to kick in.  He seems to think it will make everything return to normal, including ovulation.  Then, during the exam, he seemed to think I was ovulating or was primed to ovulate!  Hope restored!  Which, scares me, quite frankly.  I already have my hopes back up and what happens when it doesn't happen?  Anyway, he reassured me we most likely would NOT have multiples...so, that relaxed hubby.  Actually, hubby has been really cool.  He is very open to actively trying at the beginning of the year...or at least talking about it.  Which is a start!  I thought I would have to fight him tooth and nail to get him to that point!  But, I think he knows how much I want this, and that ultimately, we all want it.  And, we both agree, we are in such a better place than when we were pregnant the first time.  And, he knew it wasn't all coming up just because his brother and his wife are pregnant!  Got a couple closets cleaned out...the house if finally semi-clean again...and we can park in the garage finally!  Such accomplishments!