         wow...I love having a long weekend.  I basically left at noon on Wednesday, with nothing to do, there is only so much surfing one can take...so the rest of the day Wednesday and Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday...wow...going to work tomorrow is really going to suck...lol.  So, I decided NOT to knit...to give myself a real break.  It has been so nice.  I have read two books...watched some movies...taken naps...gone shopping...went to see Matrix on the IMAX...took B to see Brother Bear...  What a wonderful break.  It reminds me of the good old days when I was depressed and could just wrap up in covers all day long and never get up.  I miss those days.  I couldn't sleep at night, so I would sleep for about four hours and then get up and watch movies or read.  Okay, I did start knitting today, but other than that I have been good!  Do you ever have a friendship you think is really great and then you find out that it isn't?  Well, that happened to me.  My boss and I, I thought, were good friends.  I mean, he is really cool and really flexible with me and we joke around with each other, the guy gripes to me about his problems all the time and asks for advice...normal friend stuff.  Well, he has been working on making wood working stuff to sell at a craft show.  He had reserved a booth a while ago.  I started knitting these bags/purses and he asked me if I wanted to put them in his booth and sell them.  I didn't take him serious at first but then everyone started to tell me I should sell them...I figured, what do I have to lose?  So, I started making these bags to sell...last week, he says to me,  so what do I get out of all of this?   Understand, I thought he was kidding!  So I said, a thank you and a smile.  He said,  How about 10%?   I must have given him a Barto look because then he said,  okay, 5%?   I told him I would have to do the figures...but I don't get it...now you are trying to make money off of me???  Whatever!  I was so shocked at first...then hurt...now pissed.  What a jerk.  See, the thing is, he was supposed to sell his stuff at a store, well, he and I went out there and this guy that co-owned was really rude to him and basically told him no thanks.  Bill was so bummed about it, so on the way back to work, I told him to stop at this other store because I thought they sold wood working crap...and, sure enough, this guy is now interested in selling his stuff!  Ummm...you wouldn't have gotten that contact if it wasn't for me!  So what is MY kickback?  Then, in this same conversation, he wants to know if my friends that have the writing/graphic arts business will put together a business card for him...yeah right!  I told my friend and she cracked up!  I told her she should charge him at least double...ha!  So, it will be interesting to see if he brings it up tomorrow.  jackass.  Not much else is new...this week should be non-eventful...just trying to get things done in case I decide to do the craftshow...