         I love long weekends...especially, when Christmas is stuck in the middle!  I feel pretty spoiled this Christmas...some earrings, a ring, comfy pjs...a computer...and other stuff I don't remember at the moment...oh, yeah, the new Dido and Britney cds!!!  yippee!  anyway...the psychic...when I first entered and sat down, she said...wow, your aura is beautiful...what do you say to that?  She says...I can see that you have a very complete life...everything is balanced...you have such love in you that your heart is bursting...you love to laugh and love living...but, your angels are so sad...they are saying that you used to talk to them and consult with them and you have shut the door on them...they are so sad and wish that you would recognize that you are older and more able to handle the communication...they wish that you would trust them again and let them help you along...  Then she did like a generic reading...I should have written this earlier, but I didn't, so I'm just going to put what i remember and if it comes out, it comes out, otherwise I've forgotten a lot...  I will be traveling a lot this next year...I don't need to worry, finances will not be an issue...I will meet a tall man with dark hair and green eyes that will be my soulmate.  I will be having a change of job in the next 2-3 weeks and the people in my present position will offer glowing references...I will have a change of residence in 2-3 weeks but not to worry, it is for the best, and, again, finances will not be an issue, I will be better off...someone will try to take advantage of me financially, so beware!  I also need to be aware for the next 3-4 days as someone will try to steal from me (She said this is not uncommon to get that in the reading around the holiday)...travelling kept coming up...financial security kept coming up...the man I am supposed to meet kept coming up...so I finally asked if he was different than my husband...she said, yes, he appears as a stranger but someone you have a deep connection to, so he could be someone you don't know but connect with or someone you used to know or don't know very well...but you and your husband will not be together in 6-8weeks...there is a lack of communication and there will be lies and betrayal.  he loves you very much but you are independent and strong and the relationship will be ended...I asked about kids...I will not have any more, there will be a possibility in 10years, but by then I will feel it is too late...she says I need to remain friends with samantha...that I am very loving and giving to her, that I tolerate her personality when most people do not...it is not readily seen to me what benefit I receive from our friendship, but that I need to continue with it...  And, that is pretty much the gist of what was said...if I remember more, i will write it down...no, I didn't get stolen from, and so far, I still have the same job...but we will see...