         ahhh....what a weekend...  Just the highlight...  I went to see a psychic for the first time on Saturday...I was out with the black sheep and we wanted to go see Lord of the Rings.  However, since all the tickets were sold out, we had to come up with a backup plan...well, our backup plan was a psychic.  We went to a place downtown that my friend had called about...they had been there before and they were told that there would be a person reading, but there wasn't.  SO, we headed out to a place in Richland...I wasn't sure if I was going to go through with it...as I've said in previous blogs, past experiences have left me very freaked out about these kinds of things...I half believe they are true and I half believe they are a load of crap....but I agreed I would go along while the others had their reading and see what they thought and make up my mind at the last minute.  So, we go to this place and they have a big store as well...we arrive a half an hour early...and I'm getting ill from the incense...why does incense do that to me?  Instantly sick...it's weird.  So, we are walking around, I'm trying to mentally talk through the urge to vomit...and it is Cura's turn to go first.  Now, Cura and Shelly went to have a reading before...Kate had one a long time ago...so Cura comes down and it is Shelly's turn...I can tell Cura is emotionally moved.  So, I ask her what she was told...she was told by February she will be pregnant without having any assistance...Cura has tried so many fertility treatments...so, of course she was thrilled...she was told it would be a girl...Shelly comes down, she is not as moved...but she was told she was going to have either a new relationship or a new baby...to Shelly, that is bad news...but she also said she felt this woman was legit.  So, it's Kate's turn.  I decide, okay, what the heck, I'll do it...all the while, knowing what I would be told.  Mind you, we each are supposed to be getting 1/2hour tarot card readings...Kate is down in no more than 20 minutes.  Immediately, I could tell she was not happy, she breaks out in hives when she gets upset and she had hives and would not make eye contact with me...uh-oh...but it was my turn to go so I went...I will try to remember what she said, but it is in pieces, and not necessarily in the correct order...  So, after I was done, we left...I asked Kate what happened...she was also told she would be pregnant soon (she does NOT want to have babies) and that she and her husband would be splitting up...she said she got all bad news and was so pissed, she didn't care what the woman told her she just wanted it to be over...the weird thing, though, is that the woman said her aura was incomplete and asked her if she had a head injury or surgery on the back of her head...well, Kate was abused as a baby and the back of her head was fractured...weird...  Shelly was told she and gordon would stay together...if Kate and Steve and Scott and I are all breaking up how the hell is Shelly staying with her boyfriend???!!!  She was also told her and Cura were sisters in a previous life (I think she made that one up) and that she should go to law school and she would have her own firm...ummm, yeah...  Cura...was told Jeff needs to ask for more at work (he was just told he needs to be more assertive by his boss!!!)...Jeff is her perfect match....I can't remember what else...I think she was told her job would be changing soon...