          No cheating. Pick your dessert, then look to see what psychiatrists  think about you! After taking this dessert personality test, send this  e-mail on to others, but when you do, be sure to put YOUR choice of  dessert in the Subject box above.  ALSO, SEND IT TO THE PERSON WHO SENT IT TO YOU!   If you had your choice of those below, which would you choose?   1.. Angel food   2. Brownies   3. Lemon Meringue   4. Vanilla Cake with Chocolate Icing   5. Strawberry Short Cake   6. Chocolate on Chocolate   7. Ice Cream   8. Carrot Cake   NO ... You can't change your mind once you scroll down!  So think carefully, what your choice will be!   OK - Now that you've made your choice, this is what research says  about you!   Angel food ... Sweet, loving, cuddly. You love all warm and fuzzy items.  A little nutty at times. Sometimes you need an ice cream cone at the  end of the day. Others perceive you as being childlike and immature at times.   Brownies ... You are adventurous, love new ideas, are a champion of  underdogs and a slayer of dragons. When tempers flare up, you whip  out your saber. You are always the oddball with a unique sense of  humor and direction. You tend to be very loyal.   Lemon Meringue ... Smooth, sexy, & articulate with your hands, you are  an excellent after-dinner speaker and a good teacher. But don't try to  walk and chew gum at the same time. A bit of a diva at times, but you  have many friends.   Vanilla with Chocolate Icing ... Fun-loving, sassy, humorous. Not very  grounded in life; very indecisive and lack motivation. Everyone enjoys  being around you, but you are a practical joker. Others should be  cautious in making you mad. However, you are a friend for life.   Strawberry Short Cake ... Romantic, warm, loving. You care about other  people and can be counted on in a pinch. You tend to melt. You can be  overly emotional and annoying at times.   Chocolate on Chocolate ... Sexy, always ready to give and receive.  Very creative, adventurous, ambitious, and passionate. You have a cold  exterior but are warm on the inside. Not afraid to take chances.  Will  not settle for anything average in life. Love to laugh.   Ice Cream... You like sports, whether it be baseball, football, basketball, or soccer. If you could, you would like to participate, but you enjoy watching sports. You don't like to give up the remote control.  You tend to be self-centered and high maintenance.   Carrot Cake ... You are a very fun loving person, who likes to laugh.  You  are fun to be with. People like to hang out with you. You are a very warm hearted person and a little quirky at times. You have many loyal friends.    Guess what I am???  Chocolate on Chocolate...very fitting if you ask me!