         ahhh...another monday morning...I hate Mondays...especially when woken up at 4:30am because your hubby is yelling at your toddler and trying to put your toddler back to sleep in a wet bed.  Don't get me wrong, I love my hubby, but does he ever get it that he is the adult and he allows a four year old to get his goat?  It astounds me...  Anyway...alot going on...not sure where to start...oh, yeah...that computer I got...sucked major dookie...so I'm back with my old one...and ever more grateful for it...ha!    House projects: Hubby ripped down ceiling...I decided I wanted authentic tins.  Now, understand, spatial relations is not my thing.  So on eBay (I'm addicted, I will admit!) someone was selling tins...32 (12" each) for $105...cool!  That is cheap!  So I bought them and told the guy I would need enough for a 10x15 room.  Umm...that comes to $600 something!  And, it is closer to $700!!! HOLY SHIT!!!  I am so dead when hubby finds this out...so this month, overtime will be my middle name!!!  Britney:  Got tickets to see the concert...let's see if everyone follows through with paying me!  This is why I hate to be the one buying tickets...I can't stop thinking about it until everyone pays me...ugh...ocd at its finest!  Friend in TX: called me at work...after MONTHS...why, oh why did I have to be at my desk?!  She said she thought I was mad...I said I wasn't, I mean, that isn't a lie...I'm not mad, just done.  So she talked at me for a while...as usual.  Supposedly she was in the hospital for 10 days...I just don't believe her anymore...she has presents for me she is sending.  I have to laugh now...I must have sounded like a bitch...I didn't get her anything, and I have no intention to...so I just said, you shouldn't have...oh that is nice...etc...whatever.  So, I finally told her my boss needed to talk to me and hung up...no promise to call but I have a feeling she will never get it, you know?  At least that gives me time to decide if I am just being psycho or if I really should forget about her...  Hubby:  Inmate hung himself in his cell...god, it is awful...b and I had brought him dinner and that is when it happened.  He feels responsible and guilty but he is so confused...I'm praying he goes to see a counselor because there is only so much I can say...I don't know what he is going through and he is having a hard time opening up.  I don't think he really believes anything I say anyway...I just feel really bad for him...I hate to see him hurt like this...  Other than that...nothing...ha!  Our house is a disaster with the construction...I am praying by March it will all be done and be a faint nightmare...though, we may end up having to wait on the carpet if I keep spending all this money...I need a self-help group!!!