         I so hate stereotypes...really...do people realize how much they can hurt?  I have a couple friends that have "revealed" to me lately that when they first met me they thought I was a snob and conceeded...so, I asked why.  I know enough from my past that I need answers otherwise I will drive myself crazy as to why...well, supposedly it is because of how quiet I was and the fact that I dress nice...what?!  First off, being quiet is a curse...I'm shy.  People don't usually believe me, but it really is true.  Now, once I know you, no, I would not say that I am shy.  Reserved in what I reveal, yes, but shy, no.    Secondly, I dress nice?  What is that?!  At first glance, that may seem like a compliment and maybe it is in an off-color kind of way, but it is not really.  See, why should I be judged on what I wear?  I don't even think I particularly dress nicely.  Obviously, I suffer from self-consciousness so I wouldn't, but really...I know many other people who dress a LOT nicer than I do.  Anyway...plus, if they knew how I bought my clothes...you know those $3 shirts at Target that no one else wants...that's me!  I buy EVERYTHING on sale...literally, the most I have EVER spent on jeans was $30something dollars at the Gap.  The reason I spent that much was because a friend had sent me this awful pair as a present and I was exchanging them...so I could rationalize that it was not really my money I was wasting anyway.  Plus, name brands?  I have a couple...maybe two.  And I think both are name brand shoes!  One pair I just bought a couple months ago with my Christmas money (again, not really my money I'm wasting)...I bought some DKNY slip-ons at Marshall's (the TJ Maxx type store) and I think they were $30-35 dollars...so, not a whole lot was spent!  It took me two weeks to finally pull them out of the bag and wear them because I was so horrified I had spent so much on shoes.  Obviously, I have spent money on real tennis shoes but that is because of my bursitis.  The last time I had new tennis shoes was in college so my Nikes have lasted 5 years at least!  My shoe closet is filled with PayLess Shoes...so, yes, I have a ton of shoes but they were bought at PayLess and the majority of THOSE were clearanced!!!  I don't know why this hurts my feelings...I guess because last time I checked I didn't realize it wasn't "cool" to look nice and I thought I am supposed to take care of myself.  Oh, yeah...this girl also mentioned that I am always getting my hair done...to which I replied, I have NO idea what you are talking about because the last haircut I got was LAST summer...I have dyed my OWN hair with $7 dye that you too can go to Rite Aid and buy!  Oh, yeah, plus I cut myself some nasty-ass bangs this fall...whatever!  I guess I don't see myself as materialistic...my parents, yeah...that was how they loved us...you are upset about something, here go buy a shirt...but both of these people are saying that this was their first impression of me...again, if materialistic means you want things to look nice, than, yeah, I'll admit to it...but I want things to look nice at a fraction of the cost...what a commercial!    Anyway...lol, my non-materialistic self got my bday present from hubby...it is a .50cttw princess cut anniversary band...but, in my defense, it was bought from eBay so we got a super great price...plus, I think it is every present for this entire year...lol...