         Wow...talk about closure complete!  So I haven't talked to or had the urge to talk to Mr X in almost a month...I actually was wondering yesterday what he thought of all of it... if he thought, damn, she did it to me again...roped me in to cut me loose.  Kinda felt bad...half-bad...for half- a second.    So how ironic that this morning I would come in to a message from Mr X asking me to call...so I did, no hard feelings, just no smooshy feelings either...he obviously wanted to talk but I had absolutely nothing to say...he told me he passed his test to be a truck driver so now he is looking for a new job...I almost busted out laughing...not that there is anything wrong with truck drivers...they deliver the goods that I buy...but, to have thought he was what I truly wanted and screwed up...whew, what a momentary lapse of sanity!  So we only talked for three minutes before he had to go...said he would call back later, won't be surprised if he doesn't...I didn't mean to be rude, but I am sure he can tell that I am not dazed by him any longer.  I love him for what he was and the lessons I learned because of "us" but that is about it...I would be willing to remain friends, but I really don't know if we would even be able to be friends...what do we have left in common?    Been trying to get the house deco done...my lovely hubby is probably ready to kill me...he always says non-chalantly, now, we probably should sit down to write out a list of priorities for the house so that we don't spend all our money on things that come lower on the list.  Translation:stop bringing this shit home that we don't really need...ah, but until he says just that, I spend away:)  This weekend I'm going to IKEA with my mom and sis...so I am dreading that pre-shopping lecture.  But, I am just going to have to forewarn him, the bill has the potential to be high, I'm sorry, but there isn't much I can do about it....why?  Because I can't just hop in my car and go to IKEA....and two, it is the cheapest place to get stuff!!!