         lordy...when it rains it pours...I have not slept through the night since Thursday and my colon is kicking into high gear.  It is really quite frustrating and I am trying to keep light hearted about all of this, but I just seem to be getting more and more stressed.  To top it off, my internet is not working quite right today, it is taking FOREVER for pages to load and sometimes they just don't...ugh.  Anyway...let's see if my tired mind can recount the important highlights of the reception...first, we arrive 20minutes late thinking my parents will be there by then and I won't be forced to mingle...wrong-o.  Not there, hubby has to use the bathroom, I'm there trying not to vomit so I run into the bathroom.  I'm half tempted to call Sam but realize that is nuts so I am trying to use positive self-talk as I'm staring at myself in the mirror while washing my hands.  Ummm, wouldn't you know I start breaking into hives around the base of my neck!  Unbelievable.  Old "friend" Keri...got engaged, her fiance is almost 10years older than her and works at HCA.  Doesn't make enough money to cover bills so he has to work a second job on the weekend...her stone is so tiny it isn't worth having and she is visibly uncomfortable because she keeps folding her hand under her arms...she is only having a cake reception.  As Sam said, if she is having so many people, the least she could do for all the presents she will be getting is throw people a pig-in-a-blanket...ha!  BTW...I'm tired of using initials...  Abe...he and I make eye contact...he smiles, I look away...  My parents get there, they immediately start mingling with the enemy...hubby and I go check out the wedding pictures.  My parents pick a table right next to the enemy!  My parents have to leave because my mom has work to do...hubby and I relocate to the other side of the table because I have been facing the wall the whole time...Jim comes up to talk to us (goes on and on about how many girls he has swarming to date him...yeah, whatever).  Gives me a hard time about the nose ring and church...both of which I make obvious are not up for discussion with him and I couldn't give a rat's ass what he thinks...meanwhile, Abe comes up to sit down with us (oh, I forgot, Jim told me Missy has a baby) and Jim immediately has to get up to go attend to something else...I would have laughed except now I'm stuck with him!  Hubby goes up to get cake...Abe starts small talking and mentions how much he likes the nose ring and thinks it's cool...I roll my eyes as I am used to people just saying that...he says, no really...I think it is sexy when girls have their noses pierced...actually, you should watch out because I have a thing for girls with their noses pierced.  To which, I look dead in his eyes with a straight face, you do realize that was my husband that just went up to get cake.  he says, oh I'm just kidding...yeah, whatever, don't flirt with me.  So, he and I are talking about his house and his wife comes up...Scott comes back with cake and Abe's wife makes a big deal about it being chocolate (oh, yeah, both she and Abe got TWO pieces, for themselves!  WT) and my hubby, being gracious, offers to switch with her...after this whole fiasco, Abe says, have you been introduced? He introduces me as Sara Barto, to which I say, actually Sara H and then Scott.  Never tells us her name (of course, I know who she is!) so I say, I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name...ha!  I'm just being bitchy...Corey Nichols.  Anyway, hubby tells me after we leave that I must intimidate Abe.  All during our short little conversation he was totally downplaying everything.  His house (it's just a house) and his job (it pays the bills, it isn't anything big)...etc...never mentions they are pregnant and of course I don't let on that I know...I can't say that I didn't enjoy this...like Sam said, it was very therapeutic to know that even if I'm living in a cardboard box I have more class than all of them put together.  Corey...so NOT attractive...as hubby put it...from far away she looks attractive...up close, bad news!  She has facial scarring (acne?) and has this dorky haircut that is a  bad  old school Deborah Barrone.  Bad fashion sense, bad makeup application skills...the whole package is just wrong.  Again, her rock was too small to be worth having.  Plus, her and Abe have these really ugly sterling silver engraved rings.  The only thing I could think of was that they are the Hebrew engraved "I am my beloved's and my beloved is mine" rings...  All in all, it was therapeutic to go...why should these people be able to make me feel small again?  I have gone beyond the tangled in-bred web they all spin together...I escaped years ago...it will be interesting to go to Keri's wedding (if we are invited)...  Didn't get to say more than hi and congratulations to Tom...oh well, I tried...  Sam called today and told me she is pregnant...this is weird.  She told me at the end of the summer that she and Mustafah would start trying later this year...but today she told me they never have used bc.  Whatever, I don't give a shit anymore, lie, don't lie...I'm too stressed out to even have a reaction, which is probably a good thing!  oh, yeah...Britney got cancelled...