         what a fucking weekend...I'm so tired of talking about it but feel I like I should rehash this to have it for memory sake...it's beautiful, who would want to forget?  RIIIIIGHT....  Anyway...the inlaws refused to return hubby's calls on Friday, so basically he and I got no sleep and I was sick all night.  Saturday morning both of us were looking and feeling like HELL...so I asked him to please just call again and try to get it over with...so, as he is trying to dial through our calling card, the phone beeps and it is his mom.  Let me preface this by saying, for quite a few months, hubby has wanted me to seriously go get my hearing checked...so we feel like I could be starting to lose my hearing...I was across the kitchen and could hear her sobbing and yelling at Scott...I really can't remember how it exactly went but the gist was: you should have called Sara was out of line to do so AND if I said such a comment, you should have known that I didn't say it to hurt you...so, is that supposed to release you from the responsibility of your words?  I DON"T THINK SO!  Hubby explained to her we had decided as a couple to have me call and we do not think there is anything wrong.  Blah, blah, blah...she wasn't listening and she didn't really care.  All she wanted was for him to concede with her opinions, but he didn't so she hung up on him...yeah, I know, but she really is older than jr high!  He and I talked for about 3hours...it basically boils down to, I have been right for the last five years, they don't want a relationship with me, I'm merely unfortunate baggage that comes with my hubby and son.  I'm done, no more mentioning we should go up there, no more bringing up that they should be invited to come down...I will put out as much effort as you do, which is none.  All of sudden my calendar is wide open!  What a weight gone from my shoulders...  Anyway...he talked to bil on Saturday night (no, parents never called back!) and told him...the thing that makes me most upset is that people are so concerned with getting right with mom and checking on her hurt feelings (for something she has done) that they haven't stopped to think about how my wife is feeling...she hasn't slept all weekend, she is physically ill, and she is crushed that they are basically telling her they don't want a relationship with her...  No resolution...my bil went and talked to them yesterday about it, they stand firm on their ground I shouldn't have called it should have come from hubby...hubby will call some time this week but he isn't in a rush to do it...they will have to agree to disagree there is not other solution.  I will be very proud if he actually tells him what he told his brother...I'm so proud he has taken his balls back from his mom...  more to tell...I have the whole reception story to recount...but I need to go pick up my car...$530 for brakes and a rotor...ugh!