         never has the title of my blog been more appropriate...life has gone from boring, monotonous, and relatively stress-free to full blown crazy nightmare...oh what a difference 24hours makes!  Before I delve into this, please note the time...why is it on the weekdays I cannot pull myself out of bed by this time but on the weekend I can't sleep late???  Crazy hormones!  Okay...I have been trying to vent to everyone else and it hasn't helped...so, as I was laying in bed trying to sleep, I realized I had not written this down...why does writing help clear the mind so well?  I'm not sure, but I know I need some clarity because right now I just feel like I am in a psycho thriller...  Let's give some backup....of course, no thriller would be complete without the overbearing inlaw. MIL to be exact.  Hubby and I going on cruise in July.  What to do with B?  There really was no consideration for his parents to take him, neither of us felt comfortable with them having him for a whole week...besides, that would mean we are asking them to take a week off work...my mom is a teacher, we trust my parents with B wholeheartedly, logic says, let them watch him...exactly the reason why we are waiting until July instead of going on our anniversary in June, my mom will be out of school and available... Last time il's were here, mil asked what we were doing with B.  I told her my parents would have him, I had told hubby after they left, this is not the last time we hear about this...I could tell by mil reaction she was not happy.  Enter this past Sunday...mil COINCIDENTALLY has the exact same week of our cruise off of work.  WHAT?!  Do you truly expect me to believe that?  I told hubby the only way I would believe that is if that was the week of the Cherry Festival.  That is the week she ALWAYS takes off!  Nope, Cherry Festival is the previous week...so she mentions to hubby, well if things don't work out, we will be available...or at least we could split the week, half with us, half with them.  Hubby tells her he will mention it to me but that are plans have been set for QUITE some time.    Hubby turns 30 this year, mil always has issue with us because we do not feel the need to make a trip to TC for his bday...if you want to see him on his bday, get your ass down here!  Enter pregnant sil...she has to have a shower thrown by mil side of the family, enter mil plot to get hubby up there for his bday...LOW AND BEHOLD she tells hubby 4/24 is the ONLY day that works for sil to have a shower...uhhhh, right!    Please understand...if you want me to do something, I approve the direct approach...ask me!  Manipulation is a pet peeve of mine...I tend to (read ALMOST ALWAYS) flee to the other extreme of what you are asking...I HATE and DESPISE manipulation and I do the opposite to prove a point to you that I will not be manipulated!  SO...knowing how my mil is, I decide, okay, so the shower is on the 24th...this entire past year has been spent being left out of occassions like this because my mil is mad at me and doesn't "allow" invites to be sent to me...why do I need to go up there for the shower?  Hubby and I have tenative plans, a party or going away, for his birthday...I am not going to choose a baby shower over that.  I decide the best person to deal with is sil...it is her shower, it is her feelings that are potentially going to be hurt, I need to take it up with her.  I call her to tell her that I potentially will not make this shower but is there an alternative one I can attend?  Start talking to M.  Tell her, mil told hubby this is the date of your shower, blah, blah, blah...well, humorously, M had told mil on Monday that this would not work.  Apparently, I had mentioned to bil that we were either going away or there was going to be a party so he knew we already had plans.  In addition, one of M's other friends is having a shower that day.  Whew!  M and I started talking about how we were both well aware why "coincidentally" she wanted the shower that day.  M mentioned that she is hurt and frustrated because she is being used as a tool of manipulation when it, rightfully so, should be all about her.  That gets her talking about other crap that has been going on...mil is getting new vehicle, she bitched to hubby that she was mad at fil because he won't let her get the car she wants.  Why would you tell your son this?  Take it up with your hubby, not your son!  I tell M how weird I thought that was and how I had told hubby that it is really out of line...M tells me the reason mil wants that car is because her twin has the same model and this one was a step up from hers...whatever!  M goes on to say that mil is also mad because fil won't "allow" her to give hubby and I her blazer.  I guess I never realized I wanted it!  I guess mil has been telling people that she would feel "so much better" if hubby and I had a reliable and safe vehicle to be driving...our vehicles are just fine bitch.  Enter comment two...I am upset about the previous and tell M this.  M says, oh you don't know the half of it.  Proceeds to tell me that mil came to them and said, and I'm quoting what I was told, which I was told was a quote... "We bought s and s a crib for b because they couldn't afford it, BUT if you would like us to do the same for you, we would go ahead and do that"   EXCUSE ME???  That got my redhot Italian temper BOILING!  Yes, things were tight when hubby and I first got married, but there was never a time where we couldn't buy what we needed...ESPECIALLY when it came to b!  Our whole life together has been about sacrificing ourselves for the best of B...that includes sacrificing the better of our marriage!  So, don't go telling people that we could not live up to our responsibility and you were the white knight that had to save us!  I called hubby at work to tell him...I mean, I was beyond angry.  He got MAD.  He said as far as he was concerned, if that is why they buy us things, they can come and take everything back...anyway, we have a lengthy conversation, in which I offer to talk to her, thinking that she is not going to try to manipulate me because she knows better and maybe I can get through to her LEAVE US OUT OF YOUR CONVERSATION!  So, I get B to bed and make the call.  Please understand...my mom is Italian, my dad is a lawyer.  I admit 99% of the time, I act more Italian than anything...but I have had an extreme amount of conflict in my life.  Very early on, my daddy taught me a wonderful lesson...when in conflict, your words are much more effective in a quiet, calm voice.  If there are two people yelling, no one will hear anyone.  Besides (and the real reason I love this), people become very unnerved when they lose their emotional "cool" and you are seeming like nothing is affecting you.  Inside, be burning up or torn down, but do not let the other person see your cards...   SO, I went into this conversation knowing I needed to channel lawyer-me not Italian-me.  hold on...the other fun part of all of this...the spastic colon is back...ewww