         birthdays...they don't have to suck now, do they?  I guess I have really never enjoyed my birthday...and although I always try to convince myself that I am not expecting anything, I think in the back of my mind I do so I'm disappointed when it doesn't live up to my expectations.  Well, NOT anymore!  I have successfully convinced myself not to expect anything and, guess what?! It works!  So, hubby decides to let me get the diamond band I have been wanting...yippee!!!  We order it off of eBay (SO addicted!) and wait...it comes a week early!  So, I wear it around the house for the night and then tease hubby that he came home to take it away...he tells me I can wear it that I don't have to wait...boy, does he understand!  LOL...  Day of birthday...no biggie...go to work, one of my friends brings me chocolate chip cookies...some others take me out to lunch...go get my license plate renewed (Thanks, Granholm!) and go to a dr's appointment for B...we ship him off to church and then have chinese takeout...exciting???  No!  But very nice...  a lot of people surprised me and remembered it was my birthday...but I wasn't expecting it so I wasn't upset when people didn't remember...just the way it should be!  Now, I am dreading the reception of my friend from Texas...he is getting married on the 13th and they are coming here for a reception on the 21st (BRITNEY SPEARS!!!).  It will basically be a HCA reunion...and I am NOT looking forward!  I feel like I have successfully excommunicated myself from them and feel great about that and now I am being thrown back into the lion's den...ugh...it was rather humorous, he calls me to let me know he is getting married (I already knew, his mom called my mom for our addresses) after a year+ of not talking to each other.  So, he asks me if I will be coming to Dallas for it...I just laughed, assuming he was kidding, which he wasn't so then he was offended and told me that it would mean a lot to him if I could make it.  I told him I didn't think it was possible but that I would see him the following week at the reception here in Michigan.  Well, BF in austin called to ask why he was calling her...she then said, "oh, you must be dreading seeing all of those people in one place"...okay, so why didn't I think of that???  Until she mentioned it, I never gave it a second thought.  It was like I was able to successfully separate the two so I didn't have to deal with the panic...now I am!  I don't want to see these morons!  Anyway...tin tile ceiling is installed and painted...awesome!  I tried painting the room red this weekend and it didn't work so well.  So, now I have to touch up the red and touch up the tile and paint the trim....  more later...