OK, so here is Monday, Day 1 of embracing the idea that maybe I'm eating too much. Oh, how I hate that idea, but blah blah blah, get over it.  Well, no, first I want to justify myself one more time, and then I'll settle down to the suffering quietly (yeah, right). So here's the thing - I don't eat any more than normal-weight people I've observed.  I eat a very normal, middle-of-the-road amount of food.  With women it's very hard to tell what they're really eating. There's those bird-like little things that have one piece of toast for breakfast and an apple and a string cheese for lunch.  Are they going home and slurping down a large pizza all by themselves to compensate, or do they continue the pattern and have half a tuna salad sandwich for dinner?  Then there's the women who eat a whole whopper, large fries and a coke, plus something from the snack machine for dessert.  Do they go home and eat the pizza, or do they spend the evening vomiting up lunch?  Anyway, I guess I've reached the conclusion that it just doesn't matter.  Maybe I don't overeat, maybe I do have a good diet, but even so it isn't helping me to lose weight.  At this point in time, there's no other way to lose weight than to eat less and exercise more.  There's just no other viable method.  So my plan is to reduce my food without starving.  Don't want to slow down the metabolism!  Here's what I'm planning:  Breakfast   Half a can of soup.   Coffee.   Juice. If I feel like it.  Morning snack   Piece of fruit or green salad.  Lunch   Probably leftovers, in small portions, to include protein and vegetables.   If not leftovers, then veggie or tuna sandwich.  Afternoon snack   The rest of the soup.  Dinner   Normal food, in small portions, with emphasis on vegetables.  Massive craving for sweets/midnight snack   Gotta look for some sort of low-fat, low-cal, low-sugar dessert    that is delicious and satisfying. Yeah, that'll be easy to find.  I ordered the Gazelle glider yesterday.  They don't sell it in stores, but you can order from Wal-Mart online for $100 less than the infomercial.  They said delivery between January 7 and 14.  I realize I've been putting off exercise, thinking "I'll make up for it when I get the glider."  Bad thinking, obviously.  So today I need to put in some good time.  Maybe I'll watch the Royal Tannenbaums while I step.  You know, I really love some of the weight-loss web pages. I mean, Poundy, wow that girl is a good writer, no matter what she's writing about. Put Down the Donut, also good. Lose the Buddha, etc.  And I get really inspired by these sites, and I want to do one of my own, or at least keep a journal even if it's not online.  And then I think, What could I possibly write that those people haven't already covered, in a much better/funnier/more literate way?  I get all my ideas from them; I'm not the originator of ideas. But the thing that really discourages me is that I never have any progress to write about.  Then the whole journal thing becomes pointless — I'm trying to write about a subject that doesn't exist, and it's nothing but negative entries: "nothing happened."  So one thing I'm going to do, to keep my psyche up, so to speak, is to take this a week at a time.  Like, I don't think I can stand the thought of soup and deprivation for a year or two.  When I try to diet, I usually only last about a day. If that long. But I can do this for a week. If I know that at the end of the week, I can eat whatever I want, I'll be able to do it. It's like when I was quitting smoking, sometimes the only thing that kept me going was the thought of When this is all over, I will reward myself by having a cigarette.   If I can show the slightest bit of progress after a week, then I'll be able to stand the next week. And so on.  Not sure that will work, though. If I am able to lose two pounds in a week, it won't even show on me. I suspect I'll have to commit to a month before I see any results, and I'm not sure I can do that.   That's kind of pathetic, what I just wrote.  Like I can't curb my intake for a whole month, how weak.  LATER.  So far so good. It's 1:22 p.m. of Day One, and so far have kept to the plan. Yep. Got several hours under my belt here.  Had 1/2 can soup for breakfast. Exercised for one freaking hour. One hour. Had a glass of tomato juice. Moved some books around. Went to Kmart and bought storage boxes. Took the videos back. Went grocery shopping and bought a bunch of good food. It was SO hard to pass by the candy aisle. Seriously. Now that I'm allowing this concept of "maybe I shouldn't eat so much" I am stunned by how difficult it is to moderate food. For the past several weeks, I've had it in the back of my mind that I was going to eat less, and I'd do okay for one meal, and then suddenly find myself with a Whopper in my hand. And I'd think, that's okay, I hardly ever eat stuff like this. And then I realized how often I've been saying that to myself.  The exceptions have become the rule. So weight loss or not, it's time to be eating higher quality food.  So the rest of my Quiznos sandwich for lunch, and a glass of new raspberry-flavored seltzer water. Which, by the way, exploded all over the front of my blouse, the counter, and the cabinets when I opened it. Very fizzy stuff, seltzer water.  I feel quite full, so hopefully I'll get through the afternoon on plan.  I guess I'm not going to work today, so I'll try to be productive at home.  I was so so slothful over Christmas, and it's started to make me feel weaselly.  Maybe I'll even pack up some stuff in the storage boxes. It could happen.  LATER. It's 3:24 on Day One. Still good.  Haven't eaten anything since lunch. Actually, I'm still full.  Drinking my sodium-free seltzer water, which is rather filling, or perhaps bloating is the right word. Whatever, as long as it keeps my mind off eating.  I can see that's going to be important — it's not a matter of finding super low-cal food that you can stuff your face with all day, rather it's important to break the habit of needing to stuff your face all day.  I haven't packed anything, but I did assemble one box.  Now I'm ripping down the wallpaper in the guest bathroom. There's still SO much to do before the house is ready to sell.  We've only crossed a few things off the list.  LATER.  5:28 p.m. of Day One.  Still doing okay.  Haven't eaten since lunch — I wasn't hungry for my afternoon snack. I'm treating myself to a glass of wine (thinned with seltzer).  Making chicken wings and broccoli for dinner.  I will make some kind of sauce or dip or whatever with no-fat yogurt for the broccoli, so I can avoid the lemon butter.  Being busy all day definitely helped — I want to snack when I'm bored.  Also, puttering around like that does count toward burning the calories. I'm really looking forward to the glider.  My knees are a little iffy sometimes with the stepping, but even more than that, it makes my feet hurt.  The impact seems to be cumulative, because after I've done a lot of stepping, my legs and butt fall asleep when I go to bed.