6:57 a.m. Monday, Day 105. Slept like hell last night — woke up for an hour or so and couldn't get back to sleep, felt anxious, and as always too many dreams. Something about working on an irrigation project in an Arabic country, which was kind of interesting, and something else about my having to wait impatiently to climb down a telephone pole on Hillsborough Street because there was this college girl in line ahead of me who was going to do some sort of gymnastic feat on the telephone wire in order to get into Ripley's Believe it or Not, and the event was to be recorded on Etch-a-Sketches, which is partly why it was taking so long.  That's what I dreamed; I'm not making it up for an attempt at humor. Neither of these dreams was unpleasant, but both were so vivid as to be unrestful.  Otherwise, I guess I'm feeling okay. I managed to come in at oppw, incredibly. I'd forgotten I had several very low cal days earlier in the week. Yay. And yesterday was pretty low too. So here we are Monday morning all ready to start fresh. It's a rainy, cold morning, so I'm not exactly chipper, but not despairing, either.  9:58 a.m. Did 10 minures on the SensibleGym, and 10 minutes step. It's not enough, I will have to work in something else this afternoon. Right now I'm trying to determine if I have work today, and if so, whether I need to go into the office to do it. If not, this would probably be a good day to call the temp place, wouldn't it?  10:49 a.m. Okay, I'm filling out an application to University Temp Services. Let's keep our fingers crossed. I don't think I can get it sent today; I'm waiting for replies from a few people about whether I can use them as references. So hopefully tomorrow morning I can fax it in.  I forgot that I'm doing my measurements monthly instead of weekly, so I did them this morning, with the usual confusing results. Lost the two inches in the waist that I inexplicably gained last week, lost half an inch in other places, gained half an inch in others. What the...?  I've lost at least 30 pounds, I've gone from a 26 to a 22, and my measurements are essentially the same as the first day? Nope, something's not right here. Feh.  2:18 p.m. I had the last little bit of leftover turkey scraps for lunch, and also steamed three carrots. I ate them all, and I am FULL.  Those things are so filling. Fiber is my friend. Started painting the base coat on the candle holder. I'm only doing one, which might be crazy because they should probably be a pair, but I'm regarding the first one as a practice run, unless it comes out well, and then I'll have two. It doesn't look very good yet, but that's not unusual, there's still a long way to go. I'm not pushing it. Today is so gray and gloomy and quiet that I must be happy with small accomplishments. This is not a day for taking great strides, for bold actions or loud voices; it's a day for humbly accepting whatever tiny gifts are offered. It's a day for keeping my head down and quietly working, without drawing undue attention to myself.  4:50 p.m. It's also a day for throwing in the towel at the appropriate moment, getting dressed in my jammies, starting a fire in the fireplace, and drinking wine until Bucko comes home, when he will fill my head with unwanted but unavoidable details about edit systems, firewires, and so on. How cozy.