6:53 a.m. Friday, Day 33.  Yesterday wasn’t as bad as it could have been.  I’m holding onto that.   I restrained myself heavily with the stir fry. No more pasta, ever. Never.  If I’m going to have that many useless carbs, then I want it in the form of alcohol. Which I also had.  Why has this week been so hard? Yeah, I keep asking that and coming up with the same answers: boredom and hormones. Or something. So let’s just drop it. I’m doing the best I can, and it’s not all that bad, anyway. I’m doing a B- instead of the A+ I want, but I still get on the honor roll. Not the best analogy I’ve ever come up with, but it will do.  In other news, there’s something wrong with my eyes.  I thought it was the monitor, because it’s all flickery, especially around the edges. If I focus on something reflected on the glass, the flickering disappears. But I noticed the same thing happen on the PC. Also the light in the room seems to be flickering to me, I thought the lightbulb was loose until I turned around and stared at it, and it’s fine.  It’s something that’s happening with my peripheral vision.  I don’t know if I need to panic yet.  Hoping for a better day today.  I found a great snack, frozen blueberries.  They’re wonderful frozen, a great texture, and you can eat a buttload of them for very few calories, but good fiber. Also I believe they are chock full o’ antioxidants.  Haven’t heard from Daisy for over a week, which is always depressing. The last time this happened, I decided to wait her out. I hate always being the needy one calling her three times a day. Yeah, so the last time I waited her out, it was more than two weeks, and I ended up calling her anyway.  Damn, I don’t want to be clingy, but somehow she’s my only friend. Which can’t be good, but I like her so much better than anyone else that when I’m with other people I want to be with her. I think she’s my boyfriend.  Been reading a lot of weight loss blogs.  It helps.  Something that a lot of people do is list a bunch of rewards they get when they reach a certain weight. Should I do that?  Like, when I can wear the Measurement Pants, can I buy myself something? Or give myself an outing of some sort?  Yes. I think I should. And perhaps I should look a few more pounds into the future. And also, I need to go eat breakfast. It’s almost 8:00, I’ve been surfing and nattering for an hour.  At least I’m feeling better today. More optimistic.  9:39 a.m. Just did twenty minutes of the Cindy Crawford video and it KILLED me. I don’t know how I used to get through that thing. It’s miserable. I’m going to glide for 15 minutes or so now, make sure I burn some calories.  10:06 a.m. 200 calories on the glider.  I’m tired!  Going to have a quick shower, a little snackie, and then I have to get the videos back by noon.  The roads are all good as soon as you get out of the subdivision, so that’s my only worry. Should be fine.  12:29 p.m. Back from the video store, no problem driving. Also picked up a tile sample at Home Despot. Vinyl tile for the kitchen. Not so good, I think the beige is better.  Had a couple three lettuce wraps with hummus and cherry tomatoes. Not bad, but not enough food for sure. I’m going to let it digest a little bit and drink some water, and then I’ll see what else to eat.  Finally gave in and called Daisy. She was at work (gack!) and says Dotty was laid off this morning. With no notice, just pack up your stuff and get out. Although, who knows the whole story. Pretty gross, though, no matter what. That place sucks. Which I might have mentioned before.  1:35 p.m. Had a burrito for lunch.  It’s more calories than I wanted to have, but the best choice out of what’s available.  I can’t get away from my journal today, it’s my lifeline. But I can’t seem to get any interest or enthusiasm for doing anything. I’m so listless recently. Doldrums.  I think I need something good to happen, to give me a little boost. Like for one of my tables to sell, or to actually lose some weight. I need a little encouragement.  3:40 p.m. Bored. That’s what it is.  I need a project to do. I haven’t painted anything in forever, and I’m never happy when I’m not painting.  4:44 p.m.  Just did another 38 minutes on the glider, bringing my calories burned to 500. Well, counting Cindy Crawford, it’s 718 today.  I’m glad to have done it — it kept me from getting too squirrelly, kept me from snacking, and will compensate somewhat for the drinks and possibly sushi I plan on having tonight. I don’t feel nearly so hungry, either. And I want to point out that it’s almost 5:00 on a drinking night, and I haven’t drank yet. Which is good.  That’s one reason I’ve been drinking so much is that I’m starting too early.  If I have one drink an hour (my average rate), but start at 2 p.m., well, it’s pretty easy to have six or seven drinks.  I think I like this idea of adding different exercise to the glider.  I have to introduce some variety. That’s why I wanted the library of workout tapes, so I can do a little something different every day.  Maybe I’ll even buy a couple more. I kind of want to try The Firm, but I doubt very much that I can do any of it. I also doubt I will be able to stand the tapes, because I HATE the commercials.  Those women look like Barbies. OK, so The Firm is out.  Also probably Richard Simmons. I like the level of effort in the Dancing to the Oldies tape, but I hate the music. Maybe if I can preview what songs are on a particular tape, I might buy it.