7:03 a.m. Thursday, Day 32.  Okay, yesterday sucked.  I had a lot of good talk about the almonds, but then I went and had extra chicken at lunch, too many pistachios, too much wine, and extra pork chop.  Totally out of control.  It's just been driving me this week, I really really want to sit down and eat a LOT. In one sitting.  It almost doesn't matter what the food is, I just want to eat until I feel really full.  I want to SNACK. What's going on?  Is it the boredom, is it hormonal, is it the diet catching up with me?  Am I simply not eating enough, and my body is very strongly urging me to have some food? And if so, which of us is right, me or the body?  I mean, is the body guiding me toward health, or is it trying to trick me into more fat-producing patterns? Gah.  Well, in semi-good news, I finally weighed the pork chops we've been having, and as I suspected, I am WAY overestimating their size. They're only three ounces, barely, not four ounces. So here is my new official chart for the pork chops:  1 pork chop from the whole loin: calories	268; protein grams	23; carbs	0; fat	18; fiber	0.  It's only semi good because although it means I have been eating fewer calories than I thought, that leads me to the idea of why I'm not losing weight faster.  A line of thought I'd better not explore right now, or I'll quit dieting.  I hope it's OK I'm calling this a diet. It's not really, you can see by my charts [offline] that I'm eating a reasonable amount of food, and a great variety of it.  But I am eating less than I used to, so I'll call that a diet for the sake of brevity.  Not sure I'm going to the art museum today. I kind of don't feel like it, even after being cooped up in the house so long.  I hardly did a damned thing for the last five days, and want to get something accomplished.  Found a couple web pages I like, SkinnyCat and Mr. Ointy. Most of these blogs are people doing WW, so they talk about Points all the time, but I'm getting a lot out of them.  One thing I like is that they have, for the most part, realistic weight loss scenarios.  They lose a pound or two at a time, they occasionally regress, it takes them a couple-three years.  So that way I know that I'm not totally fucked up and unique. On Mr. Ointy she says something about starting to feel guilty about wanting to eat food, even when she doesn't eat it.  Yeah, I've been feeling like that too.  I've been obsessing and freaking out over my daily totals, even when they are well within the oppw range. I feel like my eating is out of control, even when I don't actually eat anything, because I WANT to eat so much. THAT is what I don't like about dieting - it's an eating disorder.  10:37 a.m. Well. I did weights, gliding, and yoga, for a total of 60 minutes. That sounds pretty good.  Can’t say I liked the yoga; I can barely do it, so I find myself lying on the floor waiting for her to move on to the next position. So I gave myself low calories for it since I had a lot of idle time.  I’m pretty hungry, but going to try to wait until 11:15 for a snack, so that I’m not eating immediately after exercising. Then I’ll have late lunch, 12:30 or 1:00. Then snack at 3:00. Sounds good to me. I also got my McN sales letter in the mail. Keeping my fingers crossed, it would RULE if something came of that. Finished watching Blue Crush, excellent movie! And I’ve taped Deadly Summer to watch for the next few days.  11:34 a.m. Little snack of carrot and pistachios. Also made some hummus. Not sure what a serving would be. I’m thinking about three tablespoons, which is sufficient for a sandwich or to dip carrots in. So I’ll estimate that as about 1.5 ounces:  3 tbsp hummus: calories	62; protein 2.4; carbs	7; fat	3.1; fiber	2.4  12:18 p.m. I’m still hungry and snack-wanting today.  I think getting the pistachios was a bad idea. They’re pretty high in calories and fat, and an ounce of them is not at all satisfying, it just leads me to want more. Fortunately I don’t have many here; I put up about five servings in baggies and sent the rest with Bucko to work.  I’ve got to keep busy today, keep my mind off food.  4:12 p.m. Gaahh, I’m still having a terrible time keeping away from the food!  I hope I can last until dinner.  I just had a handful of cherry tomatoes for my afternoon snack, and I suspect I will have a carrot too.  The pistachios are haunting me. At least I was honest and recorded them, but I think I might have to send the rest to work with Bucko.  I can’t eat 22 of them. I need to eat about 80.  I haven’t even planned dinner, I’m trying to avoid food as much as I can.  I hope I’m going to get over this soon, because if it keeps on this way I will absolutely have to binge.  I am all OK with going out to dinner or something to have a little celebration, but I’d like to save it for Week 6, or preferably Month Three.  I’m only four days into Month Two!  And if that’s not bad enough, I decided to take my measurements.  I knew it would be bad, but this was really frightening.  It was so bad, I only did my waist and hips, and then gave up. Which, by the way, ARE THE SAME MEASUREMENT.   Oh.  My.  God.   I hate, absolutely hate, completely and furiously and determinedly hate, the way my stupid stomach has grown so big.  Not only is it unattractive as hell, it is OF COURSE, the most dangerous type of fat to have.  Most women gain in their butts, which does not pose the health risk of stomach fat, which is partly why women live longer. But me? Oh no.  No no no, I have to get the BAD fat. Of course.   So. Here I will write what must be the most humiliating item I will ever write in this journal. The only reason I CAN write it is the hope, however small, that someday I will look at this number as a marathon runner looks back at the starting line. As simply the way to measure how far one has come. That number is my waist AND hip measurement. My wip. My haist. My one-number-for-all-body-parts-is-ever-so-much-more-convenient number. My-body-is-shaped-like-a-fat-cylinder number, or possibly like-a-watermelon-stood-on-end number. That number is:  45 inches.   I had toyed with the idea of taking some reference photos of myself, so I could see the change over time, but now I’m thinking that would be simply too horrible.