7:24 a.m. Wednesday, Day 31.  Another day in the house. Bucko may try to go to work, but I'm not budging. Be surprised if I could get out of the neighborhood.  So yesterday was mediocre.  My total calories aren't that bad, it's just that I felt such pressure to snack.  Right before I went to bed I had another drumstick. I read somewhere that it's good to have a 100-calories protein snack right before bed, I guess it helps your body repair during the night and not burn muscle. Perhaps, but it also gave me intense, movie-like dreams all night. All about vampires. They weren't quite nightmares, just a little uneasy. Like, I'm never going to be RELAXED around vampires, you know? Even when they swear they aren't going to bite me.  I'm looking at this website, www.reneesgarden.com, that sells gourmet and heirloom seeds. Flowers, vegetables, herbs.  It's a nice page, sort of "old-fashioned" in design, kind of 1998.  I like it.  I won't be able to have a garden this year, but I'm hoping for next year, after we've moved. Maybe we'll have a yard that's better set up (sun) for growing things. I've wanted a kitchen herb garden for years.  I guess I want to sort of be a little hippie woman, puttering around my house nude, growing herbs, and making art. Ah.  Hoping today goes better. I feel better. I think it was looking at those lovely seeds. You see, the power of the mind is amazing. Completely changed my mood by visualizing being a naked hippie woman in the garden.  I need to defrost some meat for today. And figure out how to cook that spaghetti squash. That stuff is weird.  So anyway, I'm feeling pretty good, but I must say I want a further proof of weight loss. The Measurement Pants are too tricksy; I can't rely on them to be consistent. The ring is not bad, but I want more. I want to know that I am CONTINUING to lose weight.  I feel like I'm in a vacuum, where results are disconnected from effort, and that's when I get discouraged.  I'm looking back over my previous entries, and I see that I didn't notice any change until Day Ten. That's when I felt pretty sure I had lost some weight, because of the Measurement Pants.  Then they were tight again until Day 22.  Hmm. Is this going to run in ten or eleven-day cycles?  Better try them on today.  9:54 a.m. 50 minutes on the glider, and 415 calories. Watched half of Blue Crush. Not a bad movie - great music, great surfing shots.  I can't even imagine doing something like that. At my fittest, I would never have attempted it. On the other hand, I don't know when my "fittest" was.  When I weighed the least is not necessarily the same thing.  Glad I started using that postal scale to weigh food.  I had a tiny handful of sunflower seeds, and the smallest measurement for them in the Netzer book is 1 ounce. So I figured, yeah I probably ate an ounce. For 170 calories! No way!  I measured it on the scale, and my portion was no more than a quarter of an ounce. Big difference.  The sun is out today, and that will make all the difference in my mood. Much happier. I hope I can keep myself busy.  I will print out that McN. letter and get it ready for the mail tomorrow.  Not sure what else I will do. Perhaps pack more. Bleh.  Here's something else I just realized — I have to engage in deliberate, healthy snacking. There's no doubt that 5 or 6 small meals is a much healthier, fat-loss-promoting way to eat.  I've been hard on myself for snacking because I'm trying to limit the overall quantity of food I eat, and especially unplanned, uncontrolled eating.  I need to make the snacks planned and controlled.  AND I think I need to cut my gliding down to about 45 minutes tops, and then do 15 minutes of some other type of exercise.  I don't want to do weights every day, but I could dance, or do Cindy Crawford, or pilates, or whatever. Also: wait one hour after workout before eating.  1:46 p.m. Made it to the store, roads are variable.  First I have to write that I bought chocolate covered almonds and ate them.  They were delicious. I suppose I should feel guilty or something, but I don't.  Apparently I really needed that, now I've had it, and everything is fine.  I didn't need to eat half a pound, it hasn't put me on a binge, I don't need to eat more.  I'm happy with what I had, without it inspiring greater need. And that is progress for me.