8:09 a.m. Tuesday, Day 30.  Looks like another day in the house - the ice storm has been less severe than predicted, but it has lasted a lot longer. So far we've kept power, which is the most important thing. But the roads are impassable, so we'll be in here at least until tomorrow. We have food for a couple more days, probably even 4-5 days if I'm creative, so that's not a worry. But almost out of fresh vegetables, which sucks. Only one apple left and one banana.  I had a really hard time not snacking yesterday. Look how high my calories are, for a non-drinking day. I even ate pretzels. Fortunately, I just took a very small handful out of the bag, put the bag away, then sat down to eat them. I think it's 90% boredom and maybe 10% undereating (considering all the exercise).  I will have to keep busier today, somehow. And if I need to eat, I will eat. But I'll eat good food, not crap. That's a winning plan. Yesterday was also hard because Bucko was on the computer all day.  I'm going to move this over to the PC again today. Bah.  In good news, I did that letter to G. McN yesterday. It finally flowed from my brain relatively easily.  I emailed it to Daisy, in case she has time to look at it, and I will send it out whenever the weather is better (no mail). I really want him to get "first crack" at my stuff before I end up taking it to the E.G. That 50-50 split is not going to work.  1:45 p.m. Fighting a great urge to snack. I'm definitely bored. There are things I could do, should do, but don't want to do. Housework. More packing. At least I did some grouting in the guest bathroom. Can't quite finish, though, because we have the tub filled with water, and I need to get into it to do the shower area. Put my tools in my new toolbox. I'll use the old one for oil paints. I'm taping a couple painting shows on PBS, and eventually I'll actually paint something. I'm thinking a Bob Ross landscape, a still life, and then perhaps that visual translation of a poem thingie. I had a bit more lunch that I should have, perhaps. A pork chop AND a drumstick. Ah well, I kept it to one of each, when I felt like I could eat six or seven.  Some leftover peas and corn. Nothing exciting, but it's only 2 p.m. and I'm up to 857 calories already. Grr.  I suspect I am overestimating the pork chops, because they are quite small, but then again, probably I miss a few other calories here and there, so perhaps it all evens out. Anyway, I don't like to be this far in my calories when I'm having a major snack-desiring day. Must drink a LOT of water!  I'll have to eat pickles and carrots and cucumbers and other almost-no-cal food today.  And perhaps have the shrimp salad for dinner - that's so few calories for what you're getting.  I remembered a carrot from yesterday, and had to go put it into the chart. Only 30 calories, but still, I don't like how my numbers crept up yesterday.  It seems to be from the snacking. Morning AND afternoon snacks.  I keep saying it's from the boredom, but I'm not sure if it's also from the exercise.  I don't want to starve myself, I want to keep my metabolism up, so I do actually have to be concerned with not eating enough.  It looks very well-rounded, though.  I haven't yet hit my goal for tppw - 1303 calories - and I'm starting to think I never well.  That's just not enough food.  Also I'm concerned that I'm not eating enough fiber. I want about 14 grams, and I'm doing more like 4 or 5 grams.  The carrots are pretty high in fiber for the calories, so maybe I'll eat those more frequently. Also beans and nuts.  I'm going to start using that postage scale for weighing dry foods.  It's too hard to estimate sometimes - and I want to start using a trick I saw on Drop the Donut, which is to divide up food into portions, and put them in separate sandwich bags. So you know what you're getting. How many pistachios in an ounce? I have no idea. 10? 50?  Bucko is upstairs working out, and I am so happy. Not only do I get to use the Mac, but I am thrilled he is exercising. As fat as I am, I'm starting to be more concerned about his health. He is just so sedentary.  I'm trying to get him to use the glider, for cardiovascular exercise, but he doesn't seem to have taken to it. Ah ha, I have to take that back, he just put in about 10 minutes on it. Yay!  7:37 p.m.  Drinking my last glass of water for the day. I got most of it in early, and then forgot about it in the afternoon.  Had a giant dinner of grilled shrimp salad, with mangoes and also chicken breast.  I couldn't help snacking tonight, but limited myself to three ritz crackers. If I can stop here, it will be fine, I'm still only at 1596.  Not great, but not bad.  I think I might be getting that "we're running out of food so I want to eat it all" panic feeling.  I know I won't be able to get to the store tomorrow, the roads are still so bad. We have enough food for another day or two, but we're out of fresh stuff and really yummy stuff. Well, I'm not going to beat myself up for it, my huge binge today was much less than it would have been a month ago. So, three crackers and an extra drumstick, BFD. That's a pretty well-controlled binge.