7:40 a.m. Monday, Day 29. WELCOME TO MONTH TWO!  Week Five. I can't believe it. I can't believe I got through a whole month without falling off the horse, without "cheating," without going crazy, and most of all that I'm preparing to do it for at least another month.  I'm hoping I can do even better this month. Especially in this area: drink more water and less alcohol.  My yesterday's numbers are probably a little off.  I ate 8 more black olives after I filled out my numbers, and also ate somewhat more steak fries than the serving those numbers are based on.  It just seems like too much work to redo all my numbers for a lousy 50-60 calories. Sigh. Well, you know of course I'm going to do it.  Okay, I'm back, I did it.  It was 68 calories, not a huge amount. I also want to make sure I lift weights more often this month.  I notice that I am looking flabbier than usual.  Isn't that weird — that when I weigh less I should actually look fatter?  At any rate, I think that's a good indication that I need to build some muscle. Oh my. Look how I'm writing about having lost weight, as though it's definitely true.  And it probably is.  It's just that I can't quite believe it.  I think I will truly believe it on the day I can wear the Measurement Pants outside the house.  8:51 a.m. Just finished 20 minutes of TotalGym and lifting small weights. Whew!  We have the heat turned up pretty high so that if/when the power goes out, we might stay warm a little longer, and it's uncomfortable in here. I only have the heat at 68 degrees — I don't know how people can stand it at 70 and 72. Trying to drink another glass of water before I start gliding.   10:57 a.m. Finished 50 minutes on the glider, with 406 calories burned. It was exhausting, which is probably attributable to the weight lifting I did first. I'm on my seventh glass of water already, yay. And had a great snack of an apple with no-fat unflavored yogurt, cinnamon, and vanilla. Saw it on Dr. Phil, and it's pretty good. I'm fairly hungry today, looking forward to lunch, but happy I already met two of this week's goals, weightlifting and drinking water. And of course, gliding and dieting.  We are snowed in for today and possibly tomorrow, so Bucko has been using the computer a lot and it was driving me CRAZY that I couldn't get to my journal. I am seriously dependent on this thing.  I must write down my every thought, no matter how trivial.  Tried on the Measurement Pants AGAIN.  I must stop doing that. They were tighter than I remembered last time, but it's not a good scientific system.  I know I should only try them on once a week.  I know I'll give in to the temptation, but maybe I can at least put it off until Friday.  1:33 p.m. Apparently the worst of the ice storm is yet to hit. Bad news.  I'm getting a little stir crazy!