7:59 a.m. Sunday, Day 28.  Yep, that's right. The last day of Week Four. One whole month done. Incredible.  Yes, let's talk about last night and get that out of the way. That was quite the big blow-out for me.  2268 calories, most of it in liquid form.  We went to Portobello for drinks and dessert.  I chose the blueberry sorbet, which was probably only half the calories of anything else on the tray, and also delicious and weirdly my first choice, but then I got a fancy coffee drink.  I really don't know how to count that, the coffee itself has no calories, but she put a shot of liquor in it, and some whipped cream on top. But the whipped cream was from a can, so it has a lot of air in it. So, whatever, I made a blind guess.  That was my big celebration for the end of four weeks, and I think it was pretty good.  I could have had pizza and brownies and ended up with a total in the 4000-5000 range, so in fact it was pretty moderate. However, it will ruin my calories-per-day average, which was quite low otherwise this week.   In other good news, the wedding ring is still fitting, and my newish jeans seemed pretty loose yesterday.  When I bought them a couple months ago, they fit snugly. Now they're starting to sag in the front, similarly to the way my old jeans do. Daisy talked me into trying another month, back when I was bloated and concerned I hadn't lost any weight, but now I'm definitely going to do it anyway. I suspect I am hovering at being able to wear a 24 again; what if I do this for another month and fit into a 22? That would be significant. My dream is to fit a 12. Then I could buy clothes ANYwhere.  We're supposed to have an ice storm this afternoon and evening.  I'd better cook a bunch of food today, because we'll almost certainly lose power. Grrr.  I don't remember EVER losing power in Colorado.  The good news is it's supposed to get above freezing tomorrow, so the damage will be limited. They will (should) be able to get the power back on faster than last time.  10:05 a.m.  I'm going around preparing for the power out — filling up bathtubs, doing laundry, washing dishes, cooking food.  I probably won't be able to write in here much longer, it would be safest to turn off the computers. So I'll have to scribble by hand for a day or two. Goodbye, dearest journal! Mmmmwwaaah! (kissy gesture).  10:53 a.m. Ha ha, the power is still on. I've got everything done except the cooking, which is in progress.  Already bored with this whole storm thing. I closed off the bedrooms upstairs and turned off the vents in those rooms. Turned the heat up a little so that when it goes out, we might keep warm a little longer. Now I don't know what to do, I feel like I'm just sitting around waiting. Perhaps I will try to clean up more of the office.