6:17 a.m. Friday, Day 26.  Three more days in Week Four.  After the first couple days of this, it seems to have flown by.  I can say I definitely lost weight, but not very much.  My calculations give me a pound and a half a week, so in this period I should have lost 6 pounds, and I don't think it's been that much. Maybe only 3 or 4 pounds. Well, hell, it's impossible to tell.  I just thought 6 pounds would feel more apparent.  I have some proofs that I lost weight — the Measurement Pants, the wedding ring, so that's good, I just want it to be more.  However, I will not obsess too much on that. For two reasons: I don't want to be a scale queen, and also because it's GOOD to lose weight slowly.  I have a better chance of my skin shrinking along with my body, it puts less stress on every part of my body, and it's maintainable.  Crash dieting to lose quickly is useless.  Thinking about goals today.  I set my short-term goal to lose 10% of my weight, which should be around 26 pounds. Damn, that's a lot!  That's as much as some people need to lose in total!  So... my long-term goal is to lose 110 pounds. Jeez. Again, that's as much as some people weigh!  Anyway, that puts me at 150, which I think is a pretty good weight for me. When I get there, I can see how it feels.  So, that's four and a quarter "units" of 26 pounds.  I need to do this slightly more than four times. Which will take me approximately 14 months. Yikes!  That's a little intimidating, considering that most people lose weight quickest at the beginning!  I can only hope I don't fit the norm, and start losing weight faster. Yeah, I know a really good way to do that would be to stop drinking so much!  Well, one thing at a time, peoples.  It will come.  Reading some more food entries on FitDay.  The one I looked at today seems more realistic than the others.  She seems to eat a normal amount and type of food. Not all that Smart Ones crap.  I know that stuff is easy and fast, but it's expensive and crappy.  That's the dilemma with food choices; it can be healthy, cheap, tasty, easy to make.  But you can only have two out of the four.  I'm hoping for a more relaxed day today.  I have a little bit of work, which I will try to get out of the way after my workout. Then maybe I'll have energy to do something around the house. And try to delay drinking.  That's my problem with Drinking Day, I start it too early.  When it's not drinking day, I have one or two small drinks. Yes, I know I'm not supposed to drink AT ALL on non drinking days, thank you very much. Anyway, it's sooooo nice to sit down with a glass of wine in the late afternoon, chopping up vegetables for dinner and watching Oprah. It's so cozy. I'm hoping if I delay that a few hours, I'll end up drinking less overall. It's worth a try.  9:43 a.m. Did a few minutes of lifting small weights before gliding. whoo hoo! 55 minutes on the glider, not bad.  Now I am truly starving, and will have a banana for a snackie. And more water. More more more.  12:15 p.m.  Had a lovely lunch of two stuffed zucchini halves and an ounce of cheese. How do I know it was an ounce, you ask? Because I weighed it on the postage scale. Hee.  And I can tell you, cheese is not worth it. Over a hundred calories for an ounce!  I'd rather have chocolate. Which I might do this weekend, by the way. A little one-month celebration.  I've written 67 pages in this month, which is more than the entire previous year.  I thought I would slack off with the journal, but it's still important to me.  It's not just a record, it's actually helping me control.  It's a tool, if you will.  Who would have thought?  I got some of the office sorted out and packed up. We just have too damned much stuff. I mean, dammit.  And yet I can't seem to throw it away.  Now it's 1:07, and it looks worse than when I started.  I guess the problem is that we have two or three businesses going on.  I work at home on the computer, I paint at home, Bucko does video production at home... this is why we need to move.  If all this stuff was in a big ass bonus room that you didn't see from the rest of the house, then it wouldn't matter. I'd just build floor-to-ceiling shelves and be done with it.  Starting to crave a drink already.  I think I'd better do some more gliding today — both to delay the drinking and to work off the calories. And I need to get off the computer, except for writing in here.  I've spent all morning downloading documents. Bah.  Also, just got a good look at myself in the mirror, and am completely horrified. How is it possible I'm this fat?   I'm so scared at how far I have to go.  And sad about going to Tahiti looking and feeling like this.  I tried, or thought I tried, to lose weight for the past year, and if only I had been able to work at it this hard, I might be 80 pounds lighter by now.  It makes me think of all the "make it or break it" deadlines I used to give myself. "You HAVE TO lose weight before you start Junior High, or your whole life will be ruined." "You MUST lose weight before your wedding or your whole life will be ruined."  Sad part is, I was partly right.  I don't say my life was RUINED, but it was sure heavily affected by my weight in a very negative way.  It's stopped me from doing so many things.  Partly because of my own self-confidence and partly in a physical sense.  So now I have a lot more self-confidence and am willing to do things whether I'm fat or not, but it's too little too late.  Well, no, as long as you're alive it's not too late for anything, but I can't help but think how my life would have been different...  in a movie, we'd dissolve into a dream/fantasy sequence here where I had this fantastic, glamorous, utterly absurd life, and then after a while a bunch of annoying, stupid things would happen to shatter the image.  3:23 p.m. Whew!  I just did another 45 or so minutes on the glider, and another 460 calories, to buy myself two martinis!  I'm not sure of the time, because apparently it turns over after a certain amount. When I finished it said I had gone 10 minutes, which makes no sense. My brain is too numb to figure it out, but next time I glide I won't reset the clock, and I'll just see where it turns over. Anyway, I don't know if this is clever or me, or totally disordered, but since I know I'm going to drink tonight, I might as well work off the calories, rather than drink tonight and not work off the calories.  I'm going to finish my glass of water, then go make myself a delicious martini, and sit down and enjoy it without guilt. And then I really really need a shower. Can I start subtracting my exercise calories from those I ate?  Is that fair?  Like today I've exercised more calories than I've eaten, so far.  By the end of the day, can I subtract 1001 exercise calories from, say, 1720 eaten calories, for a total of 719 calories today? Or is that cheating or delusional?  Tomorrow I might actually take my measurements.  Yeah, yuck.  I hate to see those gigantic numbers. But since I'm not weighing myself, it would be good to have some sort of reference. Ugh. Depressing. Gonna go have that martini now.  4:06 p.m. Weirdly, I'm thinking about Bob Hope's passing, and it makes me quite sad. It's the passing of an era, the greatest era of American history.  That generation, which survived the Great Depression and World War II, and which we hated and feared in the crazy Sixties, are people I admire and envy now. Yes, envy. There is such strength to those people, such purpose. Read Michener. Read Heinlein. You'll see it in those two, as different as they are, they're the same generation. They believe in something bigger than themselves. They believe in making themselves as strong as possible, so that the One will be stronger. That's honor. That's what I want. Yeah, I just had a martini on an empty stomach. In vino veritas.  4:43 p.m.  Not a thing to write, but I still want to be in my journal. This has become such a huge part of my life. Trying to decide what to make for dinner. I've got chicken breast and pork loin. Maybe I should make both. Some sort of stir fry. There's broccoli and zucchini.... hmm. That sounds good. I'm pretty hungry, I had to have an apple. Can you believe how well I'm doing with snacking??  At the beginning, I planned to allow myself a morning and afternoon snack, and I've rarely had either.  Although recently I've been spacing my meals out more. That is, I eat a little something for lunch, and another little something an hour later for lunch part 2.  Which is apparently the healthier way to eat, anyway. You don't feel deprived because you're eating frequently, and the small meals eaten often keep your metabolism up.  Next week I had better make sure to do more weight lifting.  This week I did a LOT of gliding, which is fine, but I am probably losing too much muscle. I need to pay more attention to the exercise part of this equation — get more variety of exercise. I know I've been saying that for years.  But, it will come.  I'm more patient with this than before. Something I've been saying for years — if it just works, I can put up with anything. And this seems to be working. Yes, I'd like it to be faster, but it IS working, so fine.  And of course, I don't really know how much I've lost. Maybe it's MORE than 2 pounds a week. How could I tell, really?  I think my body looks a bit different. Unfortunately, not in a good way, which is what tells me I need to lift weights more.  I look flabbier than I used to. More saggy. I suppose I can expect some changes along the way. I keep pulling my ring on and off to reassure myself.  Can I say that counting calories is a major pain in the ass?  It would be easier if I was buying pre-packaged food, but I cook almost everything fresh. So if I make stir-fry tonight, I have to figure out the calories for: the oil, the meat, the broccoli, the zucchini, the peppers, the garlic, the onions, etc., etc., and then divide it by whatever amount we eat as one portion. And if I have a bag of frozen peppers, for instance, it gives the calories as "one serving" of the bag, with 3.5 servings per bag. So I have to figure out THAT. Now, vegetables like that are not a huge amount of calories, so I don't have to worry about accuracy that much, but I can't just GUESS.  That would be way too inaccurate.  Unrelated thought: I don't know if it makes sense to record calories burned during weight lifting. I don't do it by amount of time or calories, I do it by reps. It's not that I'm not burning calories, it's that I consider it irrelevant to weight lifting.