6:56 a.m. Thursday, Day 25.  Halfway through Week Four.  Feel a little dragged out today; I took a whole actifed last night, to counter the drink/salt/smoke/cats of yesterday afternoon, and it knocked me out pretty good.  Dotty called me at 10 p.m. to ask about Photoshop and it woke me out of a very deep sleep. Yeah, love to play helpdesk  in the middle of the night.  Of course it's not the middle of the night, but it might as well have been.  I'm drinking a glass of water right now before I even have coffee, I'm so dehydrated from the actifed.  I have a busy morning if I want to get to the museum for the next lecture, so I will have to get through my exercise early. Watching Pirates of the Caribbean, it's great.  9:00 a.m. Did 50 minutes of gliding. For some reason I don't seem able to do an hour recently. Possibly I'm just letting myself off the hook. At any rate, any exercise is good.    1:55 p.m. Back from the art museum, video store, grocery.  And starving!  I don't have much prepared for lunch, so decided to have a couple hard boiled eggs and maybe graze through some vegetables and whatnot.  The eggs aren't as bad as I thought they would be, so that will be a treat — haven't had eggs since Christmas. I'm hoping to leave room for one or two drinks, we'll see.  I'm doing well with calories this week, really low.  I keep checking to see if I've left anything out, but no.  I guess my appetite may fluctuate, according to what? Hormones, stress, amount of sleep, amount of exercise?  Probably all those things.  I don't want to go any lower than what I've been doing this week, though.   The lecture was great — realism and impressionism.  It wasn't as clear to me as romanticism and classicism, but still interesting and wonderful to see the slides. Beautiful. She showed a slide of a Venus painting, and didn't say who it was by, it seemed like she wasn't sure. Heh heh, I knew who it was — Alexandre Cabanel.  Made me feel like a smarty pants.  I have to do some work today (feh) but I hope to work in another 15 minutes of glider. We'll see, that might not be realistic.  I have a lot of cooking to do, because I bought so many vegetables last time I can't let them rot.  Eggplant, broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini, cucumbers, and I don't even remember what all.  The whole pork loin was on sale again, for $1.57, so I bought one.  That's a bit difficult, because it's fairly high in calories, so I'll just have to work with portion control. Make a lot of side vegetables with it.  And for that price I don't always have to cook it like a chop; I can shred it up and stir fry, or grind it for meatballs, etc.  Now that's a good idea — I could mix it up with beans in the blender and make meatballs. Yum.  As much as I'm bitching about work, I'm glad to get the hours.  Things are a little tight around here, and a little scary. Tomorrow my goal is to get that letter written!  4:14 p.m.  Did another 20 minutes on the glider!  5:22 p.m. I am soooo hungry.  I didn't eat enough for lunch (just the two eggs) and it's catching up with me.  I didn't intend to skimp so much, but it just seemed like too much work to prepare anything, and there's nothing I could just reach into the refrigerator and grab.  So I never got around to it.  Now I'm so close to dinner I don't want to prepare and eat a mini-meal.  I'm drinking water to see if that will help.  6:43 p.m. Damn good dinner. That eggplant ruled.  I think I will have it for lunch tomorrow. Had sort of a sweet attack after, though, and ate 3 crackers with jelly.  It's not a major problem, since I only had three, just 88 calories.  But boy do those calories add up fast. 40 here, 120 there, and all of a sudden you're at 2000.  I'm not sure how accurate my numbers are for the pork chops.  I kind of took an average between the Netzer book and what I found online.  Since I don't have a scale, I can't know how much anything weighs, so if the numbers are given for weight, rather than size, I have to guess.