6:31 a.m. Wednesday, Day 24.  Feeling pretty good today. Slept well last night, again. Looking at my numbers for yesterday — not bad for a drinking night.  Bucko brought out a little plate of snackie cheese, actually a rather large plate, and I was remarkably restrained.  Had a few little pieces, then got out some pickles to munch on.  Good choice.  I even drank less than I wanted to, in order to keep the calories down. Excellent.  Doing some research on my BMR — basal metabolic rate.  This is how many calories I would burn while sitting and watching TV 24 hours a day.  Well, I'm paraphrasing, but one gets the idea. Here is the definition: "Your BMR, or basal metabolic rate (metabolism), is the energy (measured in calories) expended by the body at rest to maintain normal bodily functions. This continual work makes up about 60-70% of the calories we use and includes the beating of our heart, respiration, and the maintenance of body temperature. Your BMR is influenced by a number of factors, including age, weight, height, gender, environmental temperature, dieting, and exercise habits."  As always, I'm getting several answers. DIYglobal solutions says 1883, and Hussman.org says between 1636 and 1745  Those are the only two I can get to work — most of the pages seemed to be linked to some calculator or database that is malfunctioning. I keep getting 54545 as the answer. Seems unlikely.  OK, I'm going to use the average of those three, which is: 1754.  That is how many calories I need a day to support life. And, as always, the numbers don't make sense.  I am eating well below that now. I should be dead.  Perhaps I'll ignore this, and just continue eating well and exercising a lot.  In other good news, I am wearing my wedding ring again. Not the original one, but the larger one.  Ah, there's another nice measurement — if I can fit back into my original wedding and engagement rings. OK, those will be the Measurement Rings. Haven't fit into those in YEARS.  I ate breakfast a little late, considering how early I got up, and now I'm drinking water in preparation for exercising.  I realized I need to be good and hydrated first, or it will be much less effective at burning calories. However, now my stomach is all full of water and I must wait a little while before I can exercise, and this is a day I need to get going early. Oh well, I will let everything else suffer and make sure I do my exercise well. Planning on watching Pirates of the Carribean while I glide. I don't have anything ready on tape.  9:04 a.m. Finished 50 minutes on the glider. Got a higher calorie burn than yesterday; I'm not surprised if I was going faster. Yesterday was hard after the TotalGym.  I want to sit here and write all day, but I need to get ready for work pretty quick. Bah.  Also just realized I need to bring something for lunch so I don't eat a bunch of crap.  I guess I can probably put together a salad or whatnot. An apple and a tomato. Etc.  8:25 p.m. Hurray for me!  Even with drinking and eating out, I come out well on the numbers.  Below tppw!  I'm not sure about the she-crab soup; I used the biggest-calorie clam chowder I could find in the Netzer book. Should be close enough.  Also they weren't giant glasses of wine, because two of them were in a restaurant.