I’ve put these in two groups, but they’re all worth watching. Where it was convenient to do so, I’ve listed some dates and actors and such, but haven’t invested the time to do it really thoroughly — IMDB does it better than I can. And I’m not writing giant reviews or analyses, just a sentence or two about why I like it. Maybe give you some ideas for the next time you’re trying to pick something out at Blockbuster.    Two Star movies.  Movies that I consider to be nearly perfect. They’re so well acted, or so intense, or so funny, that they shouldn’t be missed. They’re from different genres, and frequently they  define  the genre. These are the kind where people say “WHAT? You haven’t seen such-and-such???”  So run out to the video store right now! I just can’t wait until you’ve seen these!   One Star movies.  They’re very very good, but I can’t quite put them in the same category as the Two Stars. They’re just not  quite  perfect. However, each has something a little special: a great performance, or a fascinating plot, or a particularly good scene.  p.s. Rent the DVD when you can, and always rent the letter-boxed version. And watch the movie without other distractions. I don't care how good a movie is, if you watch it with commercial interruptions and phone calls and people talking, it's just not going to be the same experience.    TWO STAR MOVIES   in no particular order    Young Frankenstein   Directed by Mel Brooks, starring Gene Wilder, Marty Feldman, Madeleine Kahn, Teri Garr, Peter Boyle, Cloris Leachman, Gene Hackman, and others. I will state without reservation that this is the funniest movie ever made. If you haven’t seen it before, I hope that doesn’t set you up for too-high expectations leading to disappointment, but it’s the simple truth. Although it’s typical Brooks-slapstick, with classic vaudeville elements, it’s also a bit more sophisticated than most of his comedies, and the cast works together exceptionally well here. To ensure maximum enjoyment, consider first watching the 1934 “Bride of Frankenstein.”   Blade Runner  1982. Directed by Ridley Scott, starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young. The ultimate science fiction movie, with a 1940s detective-story atmosphere. Complex, riveting, beautiful, and terrible. It doesn’t get any better than this. Note: If you rent this movie, it is  imperative  that you get the Director’s Cut version, not the general release version, which was completely   fubar-ed.    Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark   Directed by Steven Spielberg, starring Harrison Ford. For those of you under 30 or so, you’re probably sick to death of this movie, and I am sincerely sorry for you that you didn’t get to experience it first-hand when it was first released. Spielberg reinvented the action movie, and laid the groundwork for all the (less wonderful) big action flicks that followed. The Adventure/Romantic Comedy film has never been done better, before or since. The opening sequence is brilliant. Great characters, and the perfect blend of humor and suspense.  In common with Young Frankenstein, it's an homage to an earlier style of movie, and that’s fun too. Temple of Doom and The Last Crusade have their good points — I’d give them half a star — but neither has the dimension of the first film.   American Graffiti   Directed by George Lucas, stars Ron Howard and Richard Dreyfus and other people I don't remember.  This is about high school kids on the last day of summer in 1962 or thereabouts.  It's what the word “bittersweet” was invented for.  The music is so important as to practically be another character in the story.  This movie is flawless.  There's no element of it I can criticize or find lacking in any way — not the writing, the acting, the sound, the pacing, the dialogue, the continuity, the lighting, or probably even the cleanliness of the restrooms on the soundstage. It's just perfect. And, again, Harrison Ford.   Notorious   193x. Ingrid Bergman, Cary Grant, Claude Rains. Directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Ingrid Bergman has to be one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen. Besides that, this is a gripping story about Nazi spies, danger, and romance. The suspense scenes (especially the key ring) are so tense you almost can't bear them. I like most, but not all Hitchcock, and I also recommend Rear Window, Rope, and Lifeboat. Rent the movies - don't watch them with commercials - and let yourself sink into the mood!   Victor/Victoria   Directed by Blake Edwards, starring Julie Andrews, Robert Preston, James Garner.  Romantic comedy about a female impersonator. This movie is FUNNY, warm, and beautifully crafted. The Art Deco furnishings are to die for. The story is great, the singing/dancing numbers are fantastic (and I do not like musicals), the characters are wonderful, from the major players to the tiniest two-minute roles — even Alex Karras is good in this movie, and Leslie Ann Warren is nothing short of brilliant in an important supporting role. I love to watch this movie when I’m feeling blue, because it always makes me feel cozy and happy.   The Maltese Falcon   Directed by John Huston, starring Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor, Sydney Greenstreet, and Peter Lorre.  I guess this was the Blade Runner of its day — it’s useful to watch with your finger on the rewind button. It’s a suspense/mystery story by Dashiell Hammett, and the plot can be understood on several levels.  You can just accept it at face value and it’s an excellent detective movie, or you can pick apart the plot elements and go crazy trying to figure out who knew what when and who is on whose side. It’s cool.   To Have and Have Not   1944. Directed by Howard Hawks, starring Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall.  Everyone has a favorite Hemingway story, everyone has a favorite Bogart movie. Mine happen to be the same one. You'll find only a casual relationship between the book and this movie, but the performances and the tension between the two stars are sizzling. This is when Bogie first met Bacall, so you’re seeing Hollywood history occur right before your eyes, as their famous real-life love affair begins. It’s HOT.   What’s Cooking  2000. A large cast, directed by Gurinder Chadha. I find this film even better than her Bend it Like Beckham. It’s about four households of various ethnicities and their Thanksgiving traditions. A lovely study of humanness, love and hate and anger and pain and joy. And the delicious food woven throughout the story. It’s neat.    ONE STAR MOVIES     Fantasia   193x.  This animated movie has been useful to me for my entire life. As a kid, I loved the cartoony parts and the scary parts; as a teenager and young adult it was the ultimate stoner movie, perfect for smoking a joint and watching from the balcony (yes, in those days a few theaters still had balconies); and as a middle-aged crank, I am fascinated by the beauty of the nature sequences. And the funny parts are still funny. I also recommend Bambi and Sleeping Beauty for stunning visuals and brilliant art direction.   The Sixth Sense  Directed by M. Night Shyamalan, starring Bruce Willis and Haley Joel Osment. I love a good scary movie, but I am so sick of violent slasher movies.  They're gross, they're stupid, they're predictable. The Sixth Sense was the ideal horror movie to me; it relied more on suspense than gore, the story itself was fascinating, and the actors were surprisingly good (I can’t stand Bruce Willis, and that’s probably the only reason I don’t give this a Two-Star rating). And above all, it’s REALLY SCARY.   Snatch  2000, Benicio Del Toro, Jason Statham, Brad Pitt, and others. This is not “my type” of movie, but it’s so damned good. The 21st century version of a caper movie. The violence is a bit much for me, and the music-video-style scenes pull me out of the story abruptly (which also goes under the heading of Things I Will Never Get Because I’m Too Old), but damn it’s good. Fast, funny, clever, sometimes tense. It’s the first movie I ever liked Brad Pitt in, and now I’m a fan.   The Incredible Mr. Limpet; The Ghost and Mr. Chicken; Chitty Chitty Bang Bang   Various dates in the 1960s. Starring Don Knotts, Dick Van Dyke, and other people.  If you haven’t seen any of these movies, you probably think I’m kidding, but I’m not. I LOVE these! Did you know Chitty Chitty Bang Bang was written by Ian Fleming (James Bond)?!   Topsy-Turvey  1999. Directed by Mike Leigh. A British film about Gilbert and Sullivan and the ups and downs during their creation and production of The Mikado. The sound design is awesome, and as in Victor/Victoria, all musical numbers take place as musical numbers on the stage, not the main characters suddenly bursting into synchronized song. Entertaining.   Rabbit-Proof Fence  2002? Directed by Phillip Noyce. I'm going to warn you, this is a sad movie. That’s not giving anything away — it’s the story of three aboriginal girls in Australia in 1931, trying to escape the “school” they’ve been forced to attend and return across country to their families. It’s just haunting, with fantastic performances by the little girls, and also by David Gulpilil, a well-known Australian aborigine actor. It’s going to make you cry, but please see it anyway, and try to get the DVD so you can see the “making of” stuff.   Best in Show  2000-ish. Directed by Christopher Guest, and starring the usual cast. Any one of Guest’s mockumentaries are good, but this is my favorite. All of the characters were touching, in their way, and that’s his talent as a director: you find something human to empathize with in each person, no matter how silly or vain or petty they might be. And isn’t that a good lesson for life? Yes. Yes, it is.   Corrina Corrina  1994. Whoopie Goldberg and Ray Liotta. I might be the only person who’s even seen this movie, but I love it. The early 1950s sets, clothing, and cars are fantastic. It’s a cute story, about a grieving widower and his daughter and the housekeeper they hire after his wife dies, and the relationships they form. You might get a tear in your eye, but mostly it’s very funny. The cinematography is interesting, and all the actors are good. Don Ameche is especially touching as Manny’s father. Also the little boy who plays Percy is a riot. And I like seeing Whoopie in a romantic lead; she carries it off perfectly and I’d like to see her do more roles like that.    Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo , 1999. Rob Schneider, Arijus Bareikis. Remember how I said Young Frankenstein is the funniest movie ever made? This one is the second funniest. I know, I know, they’re not hardly in the same category, in any sense the same quality, and yet this movie made me laugh SO hard. And I love that Deuce is kind and well-meaning and has ethics. It’s a sweet story, and WAY better than the other Schneider movies. Eddie Griffin as T.J. Hicks is unbelievably funny. Also, Oded Fehr’s naked ass.   Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid  1969. Paul Newman, Robert Redford. Thirty-five years later, this movie is still the ultimate guy buddy flick. It’s the ultimate Newman-Redford flick. There are moments of political incorrectness I don’t care for (most notably the “rape” scene with Katherine Ross) but even that doesn’t detract from how exciting and funny this movie is. It has some unusual (or distracting, depending on your opinion) techniques, such as the musical montages and the freeze-frame ending, so it’s also an interesting study of filmmaking in the 1960s. One of the classic “anti-hero” films of the 60s, also.    QUICKIES    Liked ‘em, they’re good, you should rent them, but I don’t feel like writing a paragraph.    Frida - compelling.   Bowling for Columbine (because it’s interesting, even tho I can’t stand Michael Moore)   The Quiet American - my favorite Graham Greene novel.   Pollock - Ed Harris rules!   Kiss of the Spider Woman - sad but great.   Blue Crush - exciting, girls rule!   The Exorcist - it’s scary!!   Pirates of the Caribbean - so much fun.   The Guru - funny like Deuce Bigalow.   Bottle Rocket - jeez those guys are nuts.   Sling Blade - Billy Bob.   Pushing Tin - Billy Bob.   Brazil - oh so disturbing   Shakespeare in Love - cute cute cute      Disappointing Movies    What went wrong with these? I dunno; everyone else loved them, but they didn’t do it for me.    There’s Something About Mary   Star Wars. All of them.   The Fellowship of the Ring   Harry Potter   The Last Picture Show   Scream   Chicago   Any Stephen King movie except The Shining.   Titanic