6:44 a.m. Tuesday, Day 23.  Feeling pretty good today. Slept well last night, that makes a big difference.  I might have to go to work today, I hope not. Definitely must go tomorrow for a meeting. Bah. Yes, it's good to get the hours, I'm pretty broke. But that won't stop me whining about it.  Thinking of that Oprah weight-loss show yesterday. One of the things she said was, you have to want to do what it takes to lose weight. We know you want to lose weight, that's not the question, but do you want to do the things that will make you lose weight?  That's about where my head is at these days, so it makes sense to me.  I mean, I wouldn't quite phrase it as "want to" do this stuff, but I'm willing to do what I have to.  I've been getting inspiration in the weirdest places. I mean, no insult to Oprah, but I don't expect to find anything meaningful in a television show. And here I found words of wisdom in the Nutty Professor, too. That's OK, I'll take the help where I get it. I might not admit to anyone else where I got it from, though.  I'm setting up my [offline] chart to start tracking exercise. Whenever I figure out my basal metabolism, then I'll start subtracting my exercise from it.  I can't do it now, because my goal calories already account for exercise. But I want to start tracking it, to make it part of this effort.  I'm still so excited about the Measurement Pants. I was so terrified that I was actually gaining weight instead of losing. But they fit me even looser (less tight, that is) than the previous loose time, so I'm not just shuttling back and forth between the same two points. I guess I can expect a learning-curve type experience with that — I go up occasionally before my period, but when I go down it's lower than the previous down. I think that's the way most people's weight goes when they diet — it rises but falls lower each time it falls. I hope.  So now I'm really looking forward to the day when I put those pants on and then just wear them out of the closet.  Thinking about clothes this morning.  I had a dream last night where I was wearing a pretty little nightie.  I've never had much interest in clothes, because I haven't been able to — I don't fit into anything nice now, and when I was younger my chest was too big and I couldn't fit into anything nice.  I think there's more realistic sizes now, though. And I wouldn't be looking in the Junior department of the store, either, so I think I would have better luck. It's not something I focus on, but it would be so nice, and such a relief, to walk into a store and be able to buy clothes without wanting to cry. Or just be able to buy clothes!  You know, that's why I'm not all feminine and girly, not because of personality but because I've never been able to be dainty and fragile. I guess I never will be, but oh it would be wonderful to buy something PRETTY.  To be able to tuck my shirt in!  I've never in my life been able to do that. Tee hee, I'm being all girly and gushy. What the hell, it's fun.  9:28 a.m. Finished 50 minutes on the glider. Just couldn't quite do 60, it was too tedious and I wasn't doing a strong workout.  I did SensibleGym first, so I imagine that had something to do with it. So that's great, I have one SensibleGym done, one to go for the week.  I tried on the Measurement Pants again before the workout, to make sure I wasn't hallucinating. No, I'm not. They're still difficult to button, but I CAN button them, and zip them, and almost wear them.  I decided to try on some houndstooth dress pants that I haven't worn in several months because I could barely barely button them, and guess what — I can button them. They're still a little tight to wear except with a long shirt, but there is obvious progress. I thought it would be good to have a secondary pair of measurement pants, but they're not going to work.  I'll have to root around for something even smaller that I might have kept. So exciting.  I'm going to have protein today for lunch, since I did SensibleGym today, but I want to increase the amount of vegetables I'm eating. I was so pleasantly surprised to see my low calorie count on high-vegetable days.  I'm going to cook some chicken now, for lunch and for Bucko's burritos, and then I'll have to face the music and deal with work. Yuck. These people are so damned annoying. I want a job where I just do my thing, and people either buy it or don't buy it. Which points to the furniture more than the murals.  I'm sick of people second-guessing what I do and coming up with suggestions and critiques. It's some kind of fun game to them, and they LOOOOVE playing art critic. (yes, I'm crabby today).    Hee hee. Just looked at my recommended weight on the calorie control council page. 115 pounds.  That is fucking ridiculous.  12:09 p.m. Yep, work was just as stupid as I thought it would be. I'm disgusted. Had a chicken breast for lunch. The Netzer book only lists chicken with skin — what's with that? So I'm going to take off 50 calories and 3 grams of fat. Hope that's semi accurate.