7:50 a.m. Monday, Day 22.  The first day of WEEK FOUR!  Feeling apprehensive - I want to see a lot of progress by the end of this week, and afraid that nothing will have changed.  My goals for this week are the same as last week - drink 7 glasses of water a day and workout on the SensibleGym twice. Didn't achieve either one last week, so here's hoping this time will go better.  Bucko has off from work today for ML King Day, which is nice, but I'll have to move over the PC with my journal. Which I don't like. He knows I have this journal, because the name of the file is "MarlaSecretDiaryBuckoKeepOut.doc," but I don't think he knows what it's about at all. Although maybe he has figured it out recently, since I run in here after every meal and type furiously for five or ten minutes. Ah well, it's a better hobby than bingeing and purging.  8:29 a.m.  Just finished my soup, and drinking a glass of water (noncarbonated) so I can be ready for 9:00.  That's cutting it a little short. Also moved over to the PC.  I'm going to take this opportunity to do a spell check; the ancient version of Word I'm using on the Mac doesn't have it installed.  I guess I'm still feeling a bit squirrely, since I'm writing a bunch of nothing in here. Still nervous about not having lost any weight. I'm so scared that I CAN'T lose weight. I understand I have to be patient, that it will take a while to be measurable, but I really need some kind of proof, something to keep me going.  I'm afraid to try the Measurement Pants, because what if they give me bad news?  I won't have the heart to continue.  I think I must take the risk, though, today or tomorrow. If they give me good news, it will inspire me for the next two weeks!  10:05 a.m.  I'm on my third glass of water. Did a whole hour of gliding, and feel pretty good.  I didn't glide over the weekend, and I think I missed it. According to the glider computer, I burned almost 500 calories. I wonder how accurate that stuff is?  I think it's right on, because the Calorie Control web page says an hour of brisk walking is 686 calories, and I could believe it if gliding burned a little less, because you don't lift your legs. Hmm. I could also believe it burns more. For now, I will go with what its built-in meter say.   After the end of this week, I think I may recalculate my target calories. Maybe. I'm not taking exercise into account in my charts. What I did was roll in the glider/stair stepping I do into the "moderately active" category. However, I might recalculate for my basal rate (number of calories needed to survive while sitting on the sofa) and then chart my calories burned through a) my sedentary lifestyle and b) my deliberate exercise.  My reason for doing that is not so much for greater accuracy, but for greater sense of control over this process.  The exercise is a huge part of this, but all I chart and write about is the food. So my journal is not showing everything I am doing for this goal. It's just a way of involving myself with it more thoroughly, and having a positive number to report - where the bigger numbers are better. I hate that about dieting, it's a process of denying oneself something. That's not good psychologically.  Although - I have to admit this hasn't been too bad. A couple days where it really grinds, but for the most part I am eating plenty of good food, and starting to adapt to this as "normal."  Which is good, because it's not like this is ever going to be over. I can't go back to eating as much as I used to.  I think I can live with it, though. Suppose I can lose weight on this amount; for a maintenance diet what if I eat the same, but one day a week I have pizza or dinner out?  That's livable.  I'm interested to see how much money we're spending on food.  I'm charting our expenditures (for everything) over the last 4 months, and I want to see if we're spending less on eating out (should be) and if so, is our grocery bill the same amount as the difference?  I'm hoping that we're saving some money by eating at home, even though we're eating high quality food. Because it's not cheap!  It will be a little hard to compare, because November was Thanksgiving AND Bucko's mother visited, which entailed a lot of restaurants, and of course Christmas in December, plus our dinner party the same month, so I'm not sure they're normal months.  10:48 a.m. O joy, o victory, o glorious day. Yes. The Measurement Pants. Yes yes YES. I buttoned them. And zipped them. And I could ALMOST wear them. No camel toe. Just a little too tight in the butt crack. A little uncomfortable around the waist. But SO close. And my cool low rise boot leg jeans — I used to struggle to get them buttoned right out of the wash. Today — no problem. So it is happening. It's happening.  3:54 p.m. Doing really well today.  We went out at 11:30 ish, so I brought along a tomato and an apple, so I wouldn't be tempted to eat a fast-food lunch. Or even a restaurant lunch for that matter, because that's going to be pretty big calories. And I'll be damned if I'm going to pay a restaurant price for a green salad, I can make that at home.  Here I am with only 501 calories after lunch! I could have an 800 calorie dinner if I wanted and still be in the tppw range. Hee hee hee. Of course, I'm starting to get hungry already, and I ate lunch at 2:30, so obviously vegetables don't last long enough. But, I know I can make it to dinner, I just will drink a lot of water and keep busy. Learned that trick early on.  You see how inspired I am from the Measurement Pants?  I don't need much encouragement, but I need something.  I am so excited.  Partly horrified at how long this is going to take (one year to 18 months) but mostly very excited.  I have said, every time I failed to lose weight, if it just WORKED I could stand anything.  If it DOES work this time, I am going to be interested to know why.  Not sure what is different. Well, yes I am, it's a bunch of small things, not one big difference.  7:02 p.m. Delicious dinner of shrimp salad and steak fries. Drank my quota of water for the first time!  I decided to up my estimate on the shrimp salad by double.  I want to make sure I'm not scrimping on the olive oil, which I use in the dressing and also to sautee the shrimp. Even so, look at this incredible total today - 916 calories. That's fantastic, because I'm full, I ate really wonderful meals today, I'm not suffering at all.  I don't understand some of the online food diaries I saw; all they eat are pre-packaged frozen meals. I guess because it's easy, and it's easy to track because the numbers are all there for you, but it's such unattractive food, to me.  You can eat a MUCH larger volume of food with fresh vegetables, and it's so much more delicious. Of course, I have the time to shop and cook right now, and it's nearly impossible to eat healthy when you're working full time, so I guess there's a place for these things.  I'm going to make sure I'm really careful about my estimates. I mean, I have been, I have been consistently estimating large, and I don't think there is any significant amount of food I've left out. I'm sure I've missed a condiment here and there, although not many, because I've been scrupulous in charting this. But I was watching Oprah today, and she said something interesting about keeping to a diet/plan: she said "Don't do it if you're going to lie to yourself. Because you know you're lying, and you feel just like someone else does when you lie to them."  It was a good point.  I've been completely honest in here, even when I so want to cheat, because there's just no point otherwise.  I've been really tempted to cheat on recording how much I'm drinking, and haven't even allowed myself that out. So I guess I'm just recommitting myself to this, re-promising that I'm not going to lie to myself.