6:21 a.m. Sunday, Day 21.  Last day  of Week Three!  Hoping for a better day than yesterday. Although, my total wasn't that awful yesterday, considering the physical activity, and also, as Bucko pointed out, having given blood a couple days ago.  Not that he knows about my "diet," but he did mention something about my doing too much work and not eating enough to recover from it.  I don't know if that's true, that a person would need extra food or rest, but I'm going to allow myself the excuse and treat it as a legitimate reason. And, I didn't have some kind of major pig-out yesterday, it's still a normal amount of food to eat, it's just not within my goal numbers.  At this point, I still have 3080 calories left in the oppw goal.  Unlikely I will eat that much today, so I am still on target.  Today we have to take the truck back, sometime before noon. If we are smart, we will stop at the grocery store also, because we're a little low on food.  9:32 a.m.  My "regular" jeans might be a little looser.  Tried them on fresh from the dryer, and didn't have any struggle buttoning them.  Maybe I can use that as a yardstick also, because I'm pretty sure I used to pull on them harder to get them closed. So that will be another minor measurement milestone: at the end of Week Three, I could button my regular jeans without pulling hard.  I need to make sure I stay on target today. Not so much that I don't have any leeway, because I do, but to make sure I don't lose momentum after yesterday.   6:53 p.m.  Had to move over to the PC, since geek boy is on the Mac. Dinner was very good on the numbers, considering how much I ate!  A huge meal, but all vegetables and fish.  Baked sweet potato, broiled stuffed zucchini (stuffed with other vegetables), and steamed sugar snap peas.  Delicious. I had to use the numbers for grouper, tilapia wasn't in the book. I had too big of a portion, 8 ounces uncooked.  I should eat two-thirds or half of that.  I'm still at a good total — 1351 if I don't eat anything else today.  I doubt I will, it's already almost 7:00.  Having a glass of raspberry seltzer water.  The type of food I'm eating has had a big effect on my total calories for the day. Sometimes I eat a fairly large amount of food (volume wise) and I'm surprised that it comes out at 1300 or so calories. It's because the vegetables have so few calories compared to meat, and certainly a lot less than cheese or butter.