7:21 a.m. Saturday, Day 20.  Two more days in Week Three.  Hoping they'll go better than yesterday, so I end up with good numbers for the week. Yesterday was my worst eating day. Of course it was Drinking Night, which really pushed up the calories, but also I did some snacking on cheese after dinner, something I haven't done since this started.  I was able to stop before I really regretted it, but I did realize it was unmindful eating and a dangerous activity.  That's how you start eating and keep on going and going.  And as before, I'm relieved that my numbers aren't worse.  I'm still keeping it pretty well under control even when I think I've gone over the line.  At the end of the week I'll analyze everything, but I think I see a pattern that there will be one day a week when I go over my numbers.  The other six days vary; sometimes I'm higher than I like but still under the goal. It's just that one day I'm over, and so far it seems to be Friday. Hmm.  Slept AWFUL last night — no doubt because of the wine. The red kills me.  And today we are loading the truck and hauling our crap to the dump, so I'll be doing it on 4 hours of sleep. Bah!  Had a little extra breakfast to energize me — three crackers and peanut butter.  I must point out that peanut butter is VERY high in calories. There's no sane amount of it you can eat.  But, I'm going to need energy today, so don't be surprised if a few more get entered into the chart.  10:09 a.m. Well, instead of more crackers, I ate a giant muffin from the grocery store.  I'll have to look it up, but I'm thinking 400 calories minimum. Sigh. Sure was delicious, though.  2:41 p.m. OMG, I'm at 1093 calories already, and haven't eaten dinner yet. It's the damn muffins. But, as disappointed as I am with the count, I'm not despairing, because we worked HARD today.  Loading logs onto a truck — that's heavy duty calorie burning.  So I'm not going to be too hard on myself; you need fuel to do that kind of physical activity. Muffins aren't the best choice of fuel, but that's what's available in the supermarket at 8 in the morning. So, I'll "forgive" myself and move on.  I am interested to try on the Measurement Pants in a few days, because this morning I put on what I thought were my "tight" jeans, and they seem awfully loose.  So that has rekindled some hope, maybe I really was just bloated when I tried the Pants last.  I'm going to wait until my period is good and over before I try them again.