7:44 a.m. Wednesday Day 17.  Feeling a little more optimistic today.  After the disappointment of the Measurement Pants, it's hard to pick myself up again, but I'm not ready to give up.  Still looking for some inspirational websites. Also not reading NAAFA anymore.  Well, actually I had given that up a long time ago. I agree with the fat acceptance idea, but on that site there's too much personal bickering and in-fighting.  I want a site that promotes both weight loss and fat acceptance.  That's almost impossible to find, apparently the ideas are mutually exclusive in most people's minds. But I have to credit the NAAFA board, that's where I first heard about Poundy. Someone posted with that very request, and someone else suggested her site.  10:20 a.m. I finally did some SensibleGym!  Good for me. Didn't do any glider, but I think I'll get plenty of exercise today - we're planning on cutting down the last tree this afternoon. Fun fun fun.  Very hungry, I'm having some water to stave it off.  I'm trying to eat light today so I can have pizza tonight.  Just put some chicken in the oven so I will have lunch today. As always, a lot of drinking on Drinking Night.  Keeping track of it has really shown me how much we're consuming.  I so want to cheat on reporting it, because I'm ashamed of it, but I won't let myself do that because I don't want to hide the calories.  7:56 p.m.  Today went perfectly according to plan.  I ate lightly throughout the day, and for dinner I managed to restrain myself with the pizza - only ate two pieces.  I don't know the exact calories, but I used the figures for three slices of Pizza Hut italian sausage.  That seems reasonable.  I'm so pleased with it, I'm having a little more sake!  I am only at 1729, which is well within oppw, astounding for a pizza day.  It was really the orange juice that killed me - I knew I shouldn't drink it, but the pizza was so spicy I needed something. Damn, that stuff is killer - 110 calories in one glass.  At least it's nutritious, no-sugar-added OJ.