6:27 a.m. Thursday Day 18.  Very sore this morning from SensibleGym yesterday. I will try to glide early, so I can shower and go to the lecture at the art museum. I'm kind of forcing myself to do it, but I imagine I'll enjoy it once I get there. I've become a real hermit the past couple weeks.  I've been waiting for Daisy to help me with my cover letter to G.McN., and I don't think she's going to do it.  I can't fault her, she's got problems of her own right now, but I'm feeling pressured to get it out and do something.  Our money situation is depressing as hell, and I am becoming frightened that there's no way I can ever quit my miserable job. I've been dreaming that I'm going to be so successful as an artist that I can make my living that way, but looking over our expenditures recently, there's no way.    I'm looking at some of the online food diaries that a lot of people have.  From the three or so I read, they seem to be eating in the 1100-1300 calorie range.  I'm worried that I need to hit this a little harder than I am, because I'm not sure I can do it.  On the other hand, and I have several hands to mention here, I'm adjusting pretty well to this amount of food, where it seems almost normal now, so perhaps I will dig up the wherewithal to cut down some more. My other-other hand is that I'm not entirely sure I believe their entries.  I know, that's cynical and rude and probably a big fat lie I'm telling myself, but there's just not enough food listed, and they're such compact entries that I'm wondering if they're estimating and rounding off a bit too much.  Maybe I'm kidding myself.  I don't list everything individually, I combine the total ingredients into the calories for a serving. That doesn't mean I'm not doing it carefully and thoroughly.  This is the thing that confounds me about weight loss, and confounded me the last time I tried to do a formal diet.  If I eat X amount of calories and maintain my weight, then if I reduce by Y number of calories, I should lose Z number of pounds. No matter what X equals.  I mean, suppose I was eating 5000 calories a day, and maintaining my weight. Then I cut by 500 a day for a total of 4500 calories a day. I should then lose a pound a week, even at an outrageous 4500 calories.  So my point is, if my current "diet" calories per day is higher than the standard, it shouldn't make any difference so long as it's 500 calories less than the amount I was eating to maintain my weight. And it damn sure is.  See, once again I'm insisting that this follow the rules of logic that I have set forth.  And that lets me get into such denial.  It lets me say, "this can't work, therefore it's a waste of time to do it."  Which, come to think of it, is pretty sound reasoning.  But the thing I finally realized, two and a half weeks ago, is that it doesn't matter if it's fair or logical.  If I have to go to 1100 calories, that's what I have to do.  If I have to go to 800, that's what I have to do.  Yes, it is horrible and stupid and unfair and unreasonable and sucks giant ass, but there is no other option at this point in science.  I have to give this a chance.  It's only been two and a half weeks.  I need to go at least a month to see if it's working. Then I can reconsider whether it's worth continuing at the same level, whether I need to reduce further, or whether it makes more sense to ditch the plan.  I want to point out, though, that I have also significantly increased my exercise. I'm not depending solely on dieting to achieve this weight loss.  I write about the dieting more because I hate it more. And it lasts all day long, every day.  You have to constantly think about it and constantly control your behavior.  With exercise, once you do it, it's done. Poof. Nothing to talk about.  7:51 a.m.  Just did 30 minutes on the glider, and I'm taking a break.  More from boredom than fatigue.  Also I need to figure out if I have time for another half hour.  If I want to get to the museum at 10:15, I need to leave here at 9:45, so I need to be in the shower at 8:45.  So yeah, I guess I have time, if I don't take a long break.  8:25 a.m. Put in another 15 minutes, I think that's all I can handle today.  I'm thinking about a piece of pizza for lunch, so maybe I can get more energy this afternoon and work off some of it.  3:15 p.m.  What a day!!  I'm worn right out.  The museum was great, had a nice time. Then I decided to give blood, since they're so low recently (the Red Cross, not the art museum). I made an appointment and then had to kill time for and hour and a half, so I went to the bank, got a sandwich at the grocery store for lunch (will have to estimate), and picked up videos.  I considered and rejected several restaurants, because I didn't think I could get a reasonable meal at them, and thought I'd pick up sushi at the deli of the supermarket. Unfortunately, they don't have it anymore.  The only good options was a ham sandwich.  I mean, it could have been a lot worse.  So I get points for making a pretty good choice in a poor situation.  Plus I had a large water with it.  Anyway, when I gave blood, it took forever. My blood was draining really slowly, and the nurse was wiggling the needle around and thumping my arm, and I was squeezing my hand, etc., and it got to be really painful!  Not to mention I was in the chair for 20 or 30 minutes, and the nurse was kind of mean.  When it was finally over, I felt a bit lightheaded, which has never happened to me before. I toddled over to the snack and drink table, sat down, and started crying!  It was SO embarrassing.  There was a really sweet boy, couldn't have been more than 24, who talked to me very casually for a few minutes about his bad experiences, and it made me feel much better.  I was really impressed with how well he dealt with the situation, very mature and capable, and did just what would make me feel better without overplaying his hand.  What a good boy. However, as soon as he left, I was on the verge of crying again, so I left as soon as I could, and sat in my car for a while.  Damn.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to have a piece of pizza to console myself.  Yeah, it's emotional eating, there's no doubt of that. But can I cut myself some slack once in a while? I gave blood, dammit!