6:50 a.m. Tuesday, Day 16.  Feeling a little discouraged this morning.  I'm pretty sure it's because I don't have a good visible proof of progress.  I know, I'm not doing the scale, but I want something to go on.  I want a little reward to keep me interested and motivated. The Measurement Pants were a disappointment when I tried them a couple days ago.  I wanted to see a big difference.  I will succumb and try them on again today.   And what is it recently with all these weight-loss programs on TV?  I'm sure some of it is attributable to being January, but there are just so many.  It's like there must be some government grant money that came out this year. Well, more likely it's different networks trying to cash in on the success of Dr. Phil's whatever program. I just don't like the overemphasis.  It's been developing over a period of a year or two, though.  All the makeover shows are about losing weight, there's SO many shows about WLS and liposuction...  as though obesity is the ONLY health problem worth notice.  And don't tell me people are motivated for health concerns, that's bullshit.  Maybe some, but the average person who wants to lose 20 to 30 pounds is in it for the relief from societal pressure.  And the women are also in it for the fashion/beauty aspect.  That sounds cynical, and I guess I don't mean that everyone, including myself, is uncaring of the health aspects, just that the other reasons are much much stronger.  Like, I want to regain the mobility I've lost from being fat, because my life would be a lot easier and more enjoyable. But that's not the main reason. No, I want to LOOK good.  Anyway, I cannot tolerate the Discovery Health channel.  It's nothing but weight-loss stories, and they send a lot of messages I don't like. They're forever saying things like "Tracy wanted a new hairstyle to match her new life," and "Now Rhonda could let her real self shine."  No, fuck you.  Tracy and Rhonda are the same people they always were. They're just thinner. That's it, just thinner. If they were assholes when fat, they're assholes now.  It they are brilliant and talented now, they were just as much so when they were fat. Yeah, you can experience a big change by going through the weight loss process — the discipline, the strength, the entire emotional and physical experience of it.  But being skinny, by itself, is not going to change you.  And something else I don't like — this big push for WLS.  That shit is dangerous.  It's a very extreme "treatment," and I don't think it should be encouraged and advertised like this.  There are many serious risks and side effects.  One of which, perhaps the least life-threatening, is that when people lose weight that quickly, they are left with enormous bags of loose skin hanging off their bodies. If they expect to have anything like a normal life after the weight loss, they will absolutely need more surgeries to fix that.  Maybe people consider that a reasonable trade-off, but I don't think there's enough attention paid to the long-term involvement — it's not just a simple one-day surgery and then you're done.  8:54 a.m. 40 minutes on the glider. Rubber legs. Feeling a little down about my chances — watched the Dr. Phil show and saw all the people who had lost 60 and 80 pounds, and feeling like it will never happen for me.  Like I was writing earlier, I have no proof that this is working.  I so much hate the idea of a scale, though, and checking every two minutes.  Maybe I can get through this week without freaking out, and then can consider some sort of measurement system.  I want to give this long enough to work, to actually get those measurable results.  9:57 a.m.  The Measurement Pants were a great disappointment.  They are actually tighter than two days ago.  I know I haven't gained weight — I mean, how could I?  (OMG, what if I have???)  It occurred to me maybe I'm retaining water or whatever. Sure enough, consulting the calendar I saw that I'm 2-7 days before my period, so probably I am a little bloated, as well as possibly a little cranky.  Although, I'm not as unhappy as my writing sounds, I just like to complain in here.  I should probably ignore the Measurement Pants until after.  2:30 p.m. Just got home from the E.G. and I'm SO hungry.  Going to have some chicken, but drinking water first.  I'm a little dehydrated, plus it's filling. Stopped at Wal-Mart and bought another pair of jeans (size 26) and a light sweater.  If the jeans become too big (cross my fingers), so what, it was only $11.  In the meantime, I need some more clothes.  5:44 p.m.  So far have resisted the temptation to pig out.  Today has been iffy.  In Wal-Mart and the wine store I really had to resist the temptation to get some chocolate. And when I got home, the cheese in the frig was tempting. When I put the chicken in the oven tonight I really wanted to keep the skin. I even told myself I could have ONE skin, but at the last minute I managed to throw it away.  Must be the pre-period thing.  I am semi-planning to have pizza tomorrow night, so I will try (try, I say) to eat lightly tomorrow to compensate.  The fish soup is pretty light in calories for being so filling, so maybe I'll depend on that.  Tonight, sushi tuna and chicken caesar salad, which should end up very light also. Hopefully that will keep the week reasonable.  Yesterday was low as hell — 1154!  That's some serious dieting.  Is it too much? Who knows.  However, I want to note and compliment my ability to pass up the chocolate and cheese.  I am truly astounded that I'm able to do that.  It's just that in the last couple days I've felt that I'm going to drop the ball any minute, that it's just a matter of holding out as long as possible but that eventually I won't be able to take it any more.  I'm really glad I tried the Measurement Pants, which led to checking the calendar, because I am almost certain I can attribute this to my particular hormonal state.