6:41 a.m. Monday, Day 15.  The first day of Week Three!  So. Last week went VERY well.  Yesterday was amazing in terms of calories.  Since we had raw fish and soup for dinner, the calorie count was very low, even with the drinks we had. Awesome.  My average calories per day in Week One was 1660. For Week Two, 1487. That's 173 calories less!  I don't think I'll be getting much lower than that, but we'll see.  I have to take this a bit at a time.  However, I would like a pizza or something like that the end of this week, so I might try to go a bit low to compensate in advance for that.  OK, let's look at theoretical weight loss.  According to the numbers, I lost one pound, with 2201 calories left over. That should be about six-tenths of a pound.  So let's call it a pound and a half. My weight at the end of Week One was 258.75, so my new weight is 257.25.  That leaves 23.25 pounds left of my initial goal (26 pounds), to weigh 234.  If I go at the same rate, that will take about 15 weeks. So not bad!  Damn, this has been going well.  It's almost too easy now, and I keep checking my charts to make sure I'm not slipping and eating a bunch and then just telling myself I'm on a diet.  But no.  I'm recording everything I eat:  I've cut my portions down by a third. I've all but eliminated between-meal snacks. I've cut my breakfast calories in half.  There's a real difference here from the way I ate before.  So this week, I want to do two things. One, get on the ball with the water drinking.  That did NOT go well last week.  Two, do a SensibleGym workout twice.  I need to make sure I do some strength training.  8:52 a.m.  Did 30 minutes on the Glider.  If all goes according to plan, I will do SensibleGym later. Feeling a bit peckish already, but not surprising since I got up so early (6:00). Also would like to congratulate myself again for getting through TWO WEEKS.  And doing a damned fine job.  10:04 a.m.  So hungry I had to have a bowl of soup.  Not bored-hungry, but stomach-hurt, might-vomit, can't-keep-my-body-warm hungry. And it was delicious.  I feel very unmotivated today, very aimless. Probably because I haven't worked in so long.  I need to use this time for painting and advancing myself that way.  Brain is not working right now, so I will go clean up my studio.  12:25 p.m. Well, I did a little of both. Cleaned the studio, and started a draft of the letter. Emailed it to Daisy for input. I'm going to try to do another 30 minutes of glider before I have lunch.  2:03.  Did the 30 minute glide.  Small late lunch, because of the large morning snack. Still feeling rather unmotivated. I know I should do some more pages for the sample book I'm trying to put together, but not very energetic.  5:18 p.m.  I don't really know what I've done since 2.  Packed up some computer manuals, but that's all I remember!  I am SO hungry.  I'm making chicken for dinner (chicken sandwiches) and it was all I could do to save it for the meal.  I'm having a glass of tomato juice and writing in here to keep my mind off. Looking at my chart, I'm only at 543 calories before the juice, so maybe I just haven't eaten enough today.  I really hate this about dieting, it's hard to know or remember what normal eating is like.  I'm starting to get used to this amount of food, so if I eat what I ate last week, it feels like "too much."  Like I'm not dieting enough, because now it seems normal.  Grrr.  Dieting is fucked up.  Doing a little better with water, though not where I should be. Oh wait, now I remember what I did this afternoon — a little logo project.  That must have taken an hour and a half.