8:08 a.m. Sunday, Day 14.  The last day of Week Two!  At the end of the day I'll do a big recap of all my calories and theoretical pounds.  In the meantime, all is going well.  I succumbed to the potato chips last night, but I very cleverly shared them with Bucko, so it was not a giant impact on the diet.  Good thinking. We're planning on grocery shopping this morning, and I'm all into that.  I think that's where the anxiety and need-to-eat is coming from, the lack of food in the house.  I'm still not sure about my numbers — how much I should eat to lose x amount of weight. But if I go by the rule that 3500 calories = one pound, then I think I'm well in the range of oppw.  I'm sure I've cut 500 calories a day from my diet. Maybe even more, on a day-by-day basis.  Went back to chicken and rice soup today, with a dollop of mashed potatoes. Not bad.  10:02 a.m. I just had to go and try on the Measurement Pants.  They seem about the same as last time — I can button and zip them, but they're too tight to wear.  I'm disappointed, I was hoping for a more noticeable difference.  I want to think they were the tiniest bit looser than last week, but it's too subjective to tell. I really want some sort of visible, measurable proof of progress so I don't lose motivation.  As always in the past, I can't keep this up if it isn't doing anything. Don't worry, I'm not quitting today, I'm just whining a bit. I have made progress, I can't deny the Pants.  Also, I have to remember I just tried them on 4 days ago. Somehow I thought it was over the weekend, but looking through my journal, it was on Wednesday. Therefore, Wednesday is now Measurement Pants day, not Sunday.  12:38 p.m. Finished lunch of chicken, leftover mashed potatoes, and beet salad. A little hard to estimate on the beet salad, but the only significant ingredient was the low fat mayo, so I won't stress over it.  We did a large shopping and have lots of food in the house.  Tuna, catfish, and shrimp. Also more chicken, of course, and tons of vegetables, fresh, frozen, and canned. I am still craving sweets; it was very difficult to pass them up at the grocery store. Haven't had anything sweet for two weeks, why is it hitting me  now?  Did something trigger it?  I wish I could have just a tiny piece of chocolate, but that probably wouldn't solve it, it probably would just reinforce the craving.  Must keep my mind off it and do something today.  2:35 p.m.  I wish I could find a weight loss site that I liked!  Poundy was perfect, but she's not blogging the weight anymore.  It's just that most sites are too anti-fat, and the body positive sites are too pro-fat.  I mean, I want to lose weight. I want to lose.  And the bp sites are filled with people saying "I can't lose weight" or "I won't lose weight" or "I don't want to lose weight."  So, how likely is it that they are going to lose weight? Right, zero.  But some weight loss sites are a little too nasty and righteous.  I won't buy into self-loathing. Can a person be seriously interested - and dedicated - to losing weight without hating herself?  It's as though if you desire to change, that means the current self is bad.  Damn, it doesn't have to be that way.  Can't I just say my current self is wonderful, and lost-weight-self will be just as wonderful but fit into an airplane seat better?  It's a matter of good and good, not bad and good.  Losing the weight should be an accomplishment, not an identity.  You're not bad for being fat, and you're not good for losing weight.  It's like learning another language. You weren't an evil asshat before you learned it, but it's a useful and desirable thing to do.  I'm going to figure out something to watch and glide for 30 minutes. I know, I could watch the 30 minute glider tape workout.  Also making fish stew for dinner, that's going to be hard to calculate the calories.  It's all vegetables and fish, no milk or butter.  I think I will use the numbers for Campbell's Manhattan clam chowder, that should be reasonably close.