Compiling this list was harder than I expected. Oh, I could probably reel off a hundred books without much effort, but as soon as I began it became apparent how many of the hundred were by the same authors. I could list my favorites of James Michener, Robert Heinlein, Georgette Heyer, and Graham Greene, and be done with it in four authors. That doesn't seem like a really good representation, so I've trimmed multiple mentions to the minimum, including more than one by an author only when it was very notable to me. In a couple instances, I just couldn't decide between a couple books by the same author, and listed them together with a slash between.  I wanted to limit this to fiction, to novel-length writing, and that also threw me for a loop a few times. I realized I couldn't include Walden or Up From Slavery. Likewise O'Henry, Tillie Olsen, and Truman Capote, whose writings are short stories — at least, of those I've read. I love Tolstoy's short stories, but couldn't make it through War and Peace if you paid me, so he's out. I've allowed it in a few instances (Kipling, Bradbury) when the collection has a common theme or thread that unifies the stories.  The most important discriminator is that these are my  favorite  novels, not necessarily the  best  novels, the highest quality. This is a purely personal list of what I enjoy, and some of them are pretty cheesy. Some books that I like and are patently worthwhile, such as The Good Earth by Pearl S. Buck and The Bluest Eye by Toni Morrison, didn't make the cut, simply because I don't like them as much as some other novel that may be less deserving but more to my particular taste.   At first I ordered these in descending order of preference or impact, but found I couldn't really do it that way. It's too often a matter of apples and oranges. However, there are some books that had a truly significant impact on my life, that caused me to think differently, to live differently. Frequently, these are books I read when I was quite young (9 or 10 years old; I had a "college level" reading ability since second grade and read adult books from about 8 years old on), and they had enormous influence on my values and aspirations. I've marked these with an asterisk, and I still think they are wonderful stories, but be warned that a couple of them are very cheesy indeed.  Eventually I decided to order them alphabetically, by title. Not by author, because that grouping is not necessarily relevant. I like the randomness of alpha by title. It would take me forever to link them all to Amazon or whatnot, so if you're interested, you can research them yourself. So here they are, finally:     The Alienist,  Caleb Carr    Angle of Repose,  Wallace Stegner    Appointment in Samarra,  John O'Hara    Armageddon Rag,  George R.R. Martin    At the Earth's Core,  Edgar Rice Burroughs    Babbitt,  Sinclair Lewis    The Big Sleep,  Raymond Chandler    Bluebeard,  Kurt Vonnegut    The Boys from Brazil,  Ira Levin    Breakfast of Champions,  Kurt Vonnegut    Callahan's Crosstime Saloon/Stardance,  Spider Robinson    A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court,  Mark Twain    Cannery Row*,  John Steinbeck    Caravans,  James Michener    The Charioteer,  Mary Renault    The Color Purple,  Alice Walker    Conan the Barbarian,  Robert E. Howard    The Cowboy and the Cossack*,  Clair Huffaker    The Crystal Cave,  Mary Stewart    The Deep Blue Goodbye,  John D. MacDonald    The Deep End of the Ocean/Most Wanted,  Jacquelyn Mitchard    Demian*,  Herman Hesse    Don Camillo,  Giovanni Guareschi    The Drifters*,  James Michener    Exodus,  Leon Uris    The Exorcist,  William Peter Blaty    Eye of the Needle,  Ken Follet    The Fires of Spring*,  James Michener    Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas,  Hunter S. Thompson    Geek Love,  Katherine Dunn    The Glory and the Lightning*/Testimony of Two Men,  Taylor Caldwell    Gone to Soldiers,  Marge Piercy    The Grass Dancer,  Susan Power    The Heart of the Matter/The End of the Affair,  Graham Greene    Hot Flashes,  Barbara Raskin    The House of the Spirits,  Isabel Allende    I, Claudius,  Robert Graves    Interview With the Vampire,  Ann Rice    The Iliad*,  Homer    The Illustrated Man,  Ray Bradbury    Ivanhoe,  Sir Walter Scott    Jane,  Dee Wells    Job: A Comedy of Justice,  Robert Heinlein    The Jungle,  Upton Sinclair    Jurassic Park/The Terminal Man/Rising Sun,  Michael Crichton    The Key to Rebecca,  Ken Follet    Kiss of the Spider Woman,  Manuel Puig    The Last Love,  Thomas Costain    Light in August,  William Faulkner    The Light in the Forest,  Conrad Richter    Little Big Man,  Thomas Berger    Lolita,  Vladimir Nabokov    The Lord Won't Mind,  Gordon Merrick    Lost Boys/Ender's Game,  Orson Scott Card    The Maltese Falcon,  Dashiell Hammett    Marathon Man,  William Goldman    Moonraker's Bride,  Madeline Brent    The Moon Spinners/The Ivy Tree,  Mary Stewart    My Life and Hard Times,  James Thurber    Pere Goriot,  Honore de Balzac    The Persian Boy,  Mary Renault    Plain Tales from the Hills,  Rudyard Kipling    The Power of One,  Bryce Courtenay    The Prince of Tides,  Pat Conroy    Pudd'nhead Wilson,  Mark Twain    Q Clearance,  Peter Benchley    QBVII,  Leon Uris    The Quiet American,  Graham Greene    Ragtime,  E.L. Doctorow    The Razor's Edge,  W. Somerset Maugham    Red Dragon/Silence of the Lambs,  Thomas Harris    The Reluctant Widow,  Georgette Heyer    The Saracen Blade*,  Frank Yerby    'Salem's Lot,  Stephen King    Scruples,  Judith Krantz    The Secret of Santa Vittoria,  Robert Crichton    Seventeen,  Booth Tarkington    The Shockwave Rider,  John Brunner    Shogun,  James Clavell    Siddhartha,  Herman Hesse    The Stand,  Stephen King    Stranger in a Strange Land,  Robert Heinlein    Sudden Death/Southern Discomfort,  Rita Mae Brown    The Swiss Family Robinson,  Johann David Wyss    Tales of the South Pacific/Return to Paradise*,  James Michener    The Two Mrs. Grenvilles,  Dominick Dunne    Their Eyes Were Watching God,  Zora Neale Hurston    This Perfect Day*,  Ira Levin    Time Enough for Love*,  Robert Heinlein    Titan/The Persistence of Vision,  John Varley    To a God Unknown,  John Steinbeck    To Have and Have Not,  Ernest Hemingway    To Kill a Mockingbird*,  Harper Lee    Trade Wind/The Far Pavilions,  M.M. Kaye    Uncle Tom's Cabin,  Harriet Beecher Stowe    Waiting to Exhale,  Terry McMillan    When the Legends Die,  Hal Borland    The Witch of Blackbird Pond,  Elizabeth Speare    A Wizard of Earthsea,  Ursula LeGuin    The Women's Room,  Marilyn French