11:07 a.m. Saturday, Day 13.  Almost done Week Two!  Last night did not go well, I drank a great deal and had a rib.  Well, the rib was in the plan, but not that much drinking.  Isn't it tiresome writing about how much I drank and feeling contrite?  Bah.  Either stop doing it, or stop caring that you're doing it.  At any rate, I showed a great deal of restraint with the rest of the day, plus exercised for 90 minutes, so I officially declare that the day went OK.  It is not a smudge on my record.  Made some great mashed potatoes with no milk or butter, just a wee bit of olive oil and a small carton of unflavored no-fat yogurt.  Curry and thyme. Perfect.  Today I slept until 10:30.  Half the day is over already.  4:03 p.m. Haven't done a damn thing today.  At least I'm keeping the eating under control, considering how bored I am.  I ALMOST ate the little bag of chips. Took it out of the pantry and looked at the label — 260 calories. Not a good deal. Impressed that I was able to resist. I guess I'm going to make chicken for dinner.  If I take the skin off, I can have three drumsticks. Maybe will have cauliflower, not sure. MUST go shopping tomorrow morning, we're on our last legs.  Had minestrone soup for breakfast this morning, and must say I didn't care for it.  I don't think I'll keep the leftover half for tomorrow, I'll just toss it and go back to chicken and rice. So much for experimentation...    Looking back over my entries, things are going quite well.  I almost feel like I'm not doing enough, because really I've had good meals and little hunger. It doesn't feel like a "diet."  That's the idea, I guess. I just hope it's enough. I don't think I can stand the idea of a typical diet. You know, for breakfast oatmeal, half a cup of skim milk, 6 oz orange juice. Lunch: 4 oz lean chicken breast no skin, five green beans, two carrot rounds. Snack: low-fat yogurt.  Bah!  No normal person can live on that. I'm toying with the idea of a juicy greasy meal to celebrate getting through two weeks, but I'm not sure that makes sense.  It might be better to save that for when I have a really big craving, than to use it as a reward.  I'm thinking pizza.  I'll think of something else to celebrate the two weeks. Which should be, by the way, between two and four pounds. I wish it would be five pounds.  Five pounds in two weeks, yes I can handle that. That's a livable rate, enough progress to keep me motivated. Two pounds? Eh. That's the size of a large bowel movement.  Well, OK, I don't actually know how much a large bowel movement weighs, but you get my point.  It's too little to know whether it's a real loss or a momentary fluctuation. But FIVE pounds, that's a real number. That's solid. And that would mean ten pounds in a month, which is significant.  If my numbers are at all accurate, I don't think I'll achieve that. So I'm going to go with what my numbers say, erring on the more-lost side because of all the exercise I've been doing, and rely on my Measurement Pants. I'll keep pretend track of my weight until (and if) I get a scale.  One reason I don't want a scale is the compulsion to check it three times a day.  It probably doesn't make sense to weigh yourself more than twice a month, if that often. You can't look for those kind of quick results, it's a long-term thing. Man, talk about tedious. This is a goal that will take me over a year to achieve, and it will require CONSTANT attention. But, here's something interesting. I read on the Dr. Phil page that food cravings and overeating usually occur within a very small window of time.  Like, there's a particular time of day or situation where this happens, it's not a constant all-day thing.  So if you can get over that hump, you only have to resist for a few minutes at a time.  I'm finding that's true; when I get a craving to eat, it will go away in a few minutes.  The trick is to delay the gratification, and then you have the power to control it.  5:47 p.m.  Put the chicken and sweet potatoes in the oven and did 30 minutes on the glider. Rubber legs.  There's a sideways move that's really hard.  I can feel it in my entire butt.  In other news, I don't think the seltzer is giving me a headache. Either that or I've become accustomed to it. That's good news, because obviously it's hard for me to drink enough water.  I'm wondering if that headache was from de-sugaring myself.  I haven't had anything sweet (except for apples) for two weeks! In the same self-congratulatory vein, I spread that Quiznoids sandwich over three meals, instead of my customary two. AND didn't eat the chips.  I'm really surprising myself with what I'm able to do.  There have been a few days where it's been hard, but nothing all that terrible.  I think it was clever of me to think of the soup for lunch, because that's a giant savings in calories that's pretty easy to achieve.  I'm hungry in the morning, but my taste buds aren't really awake, it's the least important meal to me emotionally. I'm just starting to get tired of soup, so when I go shopping I'll look for some different kinds, and damn the cost.  Because it's not that much.  I'm spending $1.29 to $1.79 per can, and it lasts me two days.  So I think I can afford to splurge and get a $2.09 can once in a while.  Also I'm impressed with how little snacking I've done.  My original plan allowed for both morning and afternoon snacks, and I haven't been eating them.  I think two days I had an afternoon snack, and once in the morning.