6:59 a.m. Friday Day 12.  Almost done Week Two!  It's gone really well.  I've only been at tppw one day, but I've been well under oppw every day.  And hopefully, because I estimate large, and exercise a lot, I'm really doing better than oppw.  I don't FEEL any thinner, so I'll have to rely on Measurement Pants as a guide.  I'm planning on trying them on Mondays.    Yesterday's food was hard to estimate.  I get very different results from the Netzer book and the calorie council online calculator.  I find myself wanting to check both and use the lowest count.  The Netzer book is a lot more complete — the calculator only shows calories and fat — so I will use it as my main source and use the calculator for backup when I can't find it in Netzer. Although, I've had my doubts about Netzer before, because she shows broccoli as being 20% fat, and that seems unlikely.  Now tonight is Drinking Night, so I have to do two things: 1. drink moderately (not likely) and 2. go light on the food to compensate.  That will be a little hard; I've got ribs and quiznoids in the house for lunch today.  Better try for an extra good glider workout to offset.  I really need to go shopping and get some good food in the house.  I have chicken in the freezer, and a cauliflower, and that's it for the healthy stuff. Tomorrow we'll be eating crap.  It's supposed to snow today, which means the stores will be insane right now.  I'm kind of considering waiting until it actually does snow, because everyone will be off the roads then.  Had some desire to snack last night.  I think it was boredom or restlessness.  I've spent a lot of time in the house lately and starting to feel a little cooped up.  I got a lot of stuff done, though, so it hasn't been useless.  7:59 a.m. Gross, it is snowing!  Yuck.  However, for the very first time ever I don't have to go to an important appointment, such as an interview, during the snow.  It hardly ever snows here, and every single time I end up having to go out in it. Today, gonna stay home and be cozy.  9:37 a.m.  Just did 30 minutes on the glider and I'm exhausted!!  I'm going to finish out the hour, but probably will be moving at a crawl.  I need to do some research and find out if it's useful to do this, or if I'm better off ending after 30.  10:38 Finished out the hour. My legs are like jelly. Or possibly pudding.  I am feeling very peckish today.  Had a little lettuce salad and am drinking more water, but I'm disturbed about this.  I'm getting that panicky feeling and wanting to eat a whole bunch.  Not sure why, because I've been doing so well.  Is it from being snowbound?  Is it from being almost out of food?  If so, I need to quell that idea, because there's plenty of food in the house.  There's enough ribs left for another meal, I have 2/3 of a quiznoids sandwich, there's a large package of chicken drumsticks, and we have a TON of frozen vegetables. Also several veggie burritos I made last week for Bucko's lunch.  AND red potatoes and canned beans, beets, and spinach.  Also cauliflower, carrots, onion, and celery.  OK, brain?  Do you get it now?  There's plenty of food. Plenty.  Maybe I'm stressing about work.  I won't be having a paycheck this month, so we're getting pretty broke.  There's plenty in savings, but I hate going into that. But perhaps I need to remind myself that this is what the money is for, to get us over a lean time. And apparently they are NOT shutting down, and they ARE planning work for me. Nothing has changed, it's just a little slow right now. That's what part-time is about.  So have I allayed my fears at all?  Not quite.  I'm also a little nervous about moving and going to Tahiti.  They are both expensive and scary, and I've been dealing with both recently.  So maybe I'm wanting to eat for comfort and security.  Probably a little boredom too, from being house bound. Damn, I hope I've shown some significant weight loss this week, because I need something to keep my spirits up.  Also maybe I'm just being hard on myself.  So I'm not super motivated today, take it easy.  You know what it is, I really want to get through two weeks without "cheating" on the diet.  I want to prove to myself that I can do this.  I really hate the idea that I'm too weak to manage a moderate, self-imposed regimen. And I hate the way I'll lie to myself and rationalize in order to pretend (to myself!) that I'm telling the truth.  So far I've put everything I've eaten, and drank, in here.  There were several times I came close to not recording the whole truth, and managed to resist the temptation.  I still feel guilty for even considering it.  This might be a really useful tool for me (the journal, not guilt).  It's as though keeping this journal can actually help prevent me from eating, rather than just record what I eat.  As long as I'm too stubborn or embarrassed or guilty or whatever it takes to cheat, then I'll stay on the diet in order to avoid the bad feelings.  Now, see, isn't that fucked up?  That's what a diet is about.  No matter how much I need to do this, and no matter how much or little success I have with it, nobody is going to convince me that this isn't sick, obsessive behavior. The diet, that is.  I'm deliberately creating in myself the same eating disorder that other people spend years of therapy trying to remove. Gah.  12:09 p.m.  Cut myself some slack and had lunch early.  Another third of the sub and the rest of the delicious clam chowder, plus a very small glass of wine. Man, I really need to find something to do this afternoon, or I'll be wanting to snack again.  Maybe I can glide some more!  1:58 p.m.  Did another 30 minutes on the glider.  Can hardly walk. However... I don't think I got my heart rate going very much.  I didn't use the workout tape that comes with, I just did a medium glide for 30 minutes.  It might not be quite enough work.  Again, I figure it can't hurt, because I'm burning calories, right?  I think.  I need some research on this.  On a different train of thought, I sure hope I'm overestimating on those ribs, because that's what we're having for dinner and I'm already at 700 calories after lunch.  I only have 600 left for tppw, and just one of those ribs is over that. Plus drinking night.  Well, that's why I did more gliding, but this is the first day since Day One that I'm having trouble staying with it.  Maybe I'm being unrealistic about how few calories I can eat — when I look at my charts, I'm not eating a large amount of food, they're quite reasonable meals. I can't tell if ending up with close to 2000 calories today is rationalizing and allowing myself to fall off the horse, or if it's simply a realistic give-and-take with any diet.  It's so messed up to have to think this way!  Okay, I looked back over my charts, and notice that I'm eating about 200-300 calories fewer each day than last week.  So I'm doing GREAT and can relax a little bit.  I'm not giving up or cheating or whatever just because today's calories are higher than yesterday's.  They're still within my goal and very reasonable. I notice also that I started the week a little too gung-ho about beating last week and doing this thing to death.  I've been hungry a few days and that's a bad scenario — that's what causes bingeing on bad food.  So I just need to be chill until I get to the supermarket. In the meantime, I'm going to go cut up some celery and carrots to have with hummus, and get the chicken defrosted. And all the exercise I'm doing is keeping my metabolism up, building muscles in my legs, and burning the hell out of those calories. So lighten up.  3:54 p.m.  Having some lovely red wine.  Bucko's coming home early because of the snow, so we can have a fire and eat the ribs and be cozy. Watched the video of Travis's graduation party from last June, and I'm HORRIFIED at how I look.  I am HUGE. HUGE. And I have no neck anymore.  Gaaah.  I'm not entirely depressed about it though, because I feel like I'm doing something about it.  OMG, I hope this works.  If it doesn't, then there's just nothing that will, and that's a very frightening thought. OK, I won't think that way.  I will get through this week, I will try on the Measurement Pants Monday, and I will find that I've lost more weight. I will continue with the diet and exercise, losing more and more weight, until I am where I want to be.  Yes, that's what will happen.  One of the things I want most about losing weight is being able to buy clothes. I've never been all that interested in them (possibly because of my weight) and I think it would be just wonderful to go into a store and buy what I WANT, instead of the one thing in the whole store that will fit me. It would be so cool to feel like I look NORMAL.  I'm old enough now that I don't have to be gorgeous, I don't have to prove myself that way (I think), but it would be nice to feel like I'm not a freak.  At least I don't act like one — I don't think I behave the way other fat women do.  Well, fuck it, let's not go there.  I don't want to spend time on negativity and regrets.  Oh please please please let this work!