7:11 a.m. Thursday Day 11.  Did very well yesterday, especially considering the giantness of the rib.  I started stressing out a little this morning, whilst still in bed, thinking about having a rib again for lunch (my normal pattern, to eat leftovers for lunch) because it's so many calories.  I've been eating 400-ish calories for lunch, not 700!  But I think I'm over it.  I don't want to live the kind of life where I have to be unhappy and worried about the food.  I have to consider it, because otherwise I'll end up back where I started, but instead of not eating, I can offset it with exercise.  It's not like I'm ordering up a whole large pizza myself, it's just one rib.    10:39 a.m.  Oh!  I am exhausted.  I just did the 30-minute workout that came with the glider, and it was killer.  I'm rubber-legged.  That was more work than my usual 60-minute workout, which is exactly the results I was hoping for. It took me an hour and a half to set the machine up.  It's heavy, and seems sturdy.  Hopefully Bucko will take a look at it and see if it seems right.  I don't know where we can put it when we're selling the house!  1:06 p.m.  Just finished giant lunch of pork rib and black bean salad. Heaven.  I want to congratulate myself for not eating any rib when we got home from Man Bites Ass theater last night.  I was tempted, because they're so full of tasty greasy goodness, and I went so far as to open the refrigerator door and stare at it.  I think what finally stopped me was the idea of having to write it in here.  That makes the calories more real; I can't pretend I didn't really eat it or that it wasn't "that much."  On another subject, Man Bites Dog theater was disappointing. It was comedy improv night, and apparently they are known for drama improv.  I dunno, it just didn't engage me. I'd like to go back some time when they're doing drama.  I do think the Netzer book is a little high on the calories for the rib.  I couldn't find it online, but they did show six spareribs as being less than 400 cals.  Not sure how that relates to the cut of meat I had.  So I'm going to go with 703 and not indulge in too much wishful thinking.  Finished painting half the bathroom; will finish the other half after I've digested a little.  7:26 p.m.  Taking a break from packing up stuff in the guest room closet.  Carrying down the stairs is getting tiring.  Did well with dinner; we got Quiznos and I ate about a third of the sandwich instead of half. Also only half the soup and no chips.  I'll have to figure out the calories more precisely tomorrow; I got the turkey guacamole sub, which is the same as their low-fat turkey sub only with guac.  So I think I can use the stats from their website on the low-fat turkey and estimate the guacamole.  Tomorrow I'll look in the Netzer book. So far it's looking good even considering the rib, because I haven't snacked on anything today.  Not sure how much water I had today, the power was out for a while so I wasn't recording.