8:29 a.m., Wednesday Day Ten.  Yes, I am still congratulating myself.  I can't believe how well I handled yesterday.  I am so COOL.  And just LOOK at my totals!!  Here is some other good news:  I have been massively overestimating the amount of wine I drink in a single "glass."  I was looking it up on the Calorie Counter page, because I didn't know how big a restaurant serving is, which is what I had yesterday. Turns out to be 4 ounces.  Which seemed awfully small to me, so I went and measured how much I drink in our big wine glasses. Because they are rather large.  I just assumed I was pouring myself 8 ounces at a time, but no, in fact it's only 6 ounces.  ALSO the website gives a lower calorie count than the Netzer book, because it distinguishes between red and white wine.  Those two items cut my original estimates almost in half. So this is great news.  I'm not going back and revising my original calorie counts, but will use the corrected version from here out.  It won't be an excuse for drinking, because it's still a lot of calories and sugar, but I'm relieved it isn't as bad as I thought.  Didn't do well with water yesterday, but will improve today.  I slept like hell last night (too much wine and salty food) so I am going to be hard put to exercise today. Maybe I'll do the 10 minute increments. I don't think I have the strength to do an hour straight. My eyes are dry and my muscles are burning just from sitting upright.  Perhaps today I will work on the bathroom; yesterday I bought primer.  Also need to do some sorting out so we can haul away our crap Saturday.  10:06 a.m.  OMG OMG OMG.  I just tried on my Measurement Pants, to see where I am with that.  I haven't tried them in a long time, and I figured I gained a bit over the holidays. Well, I figured WRONG.  I almost could WEAR those pants.  The only thing that would stop me is that too-tight pants are sleazy.  But if I put them on and walked around the house a few minutes to get them stretched out, they would be almost possible.  You know what this means. This means that I HAVE LOST WEIGHT.  For real.  I am so excited.  Also managed 30 minutes of exercise.  I'll try the other half later in the day, maybe after lunch.  1:11 p.m. Two things of note: first, the GLIDER HAS ARRIVED.  I want to drop everything and set it up, but don't have a place to put it yet.  I need to dismantle the dining room table, and that's a big project.  Second, I ate too much broccoli at lunch, and now my stomach hurts. Like seriously.  That's a big change in me, apparently I'm becoming adjusted to the smaller amount of food I've been eating.  I am quite uncomfortable and had to give up painting the bathroom until I digest a little further.  So, bad that I ate too much (I was "finishing up" the broccoli regardless of whether it was the right amount) but good that I can tell a difference.  4:06 p.m.  Feeling a little better.  I had a small nap and then primed the bathroom.  My stomach is much improved, although not 100%.  I think it's amazing that I can overeat.  Before, I'm not sure I could.  Having a tiny glass of wine (so sue me) before dinner.  I just put the ribs in the oven. They are big ass pieces of meat, and I think I'd better have just one. Uncooked, a single rib weighs about .95 pound. Of course, there's a bone in there, but I don't know how much that accounts for. I'd better be conservative.  I've jumped on this bandwagon really quickly; looking back at my entries, Day One was the only time I was really negative about my ability to do this.  (I've been continuously negative about my chances of success, however.) Now I'm looking at it as a challenge, a sort of game: get the most nutritious food in the smallest amount of calories.  You know, I'd like to look at this as a quest to eat the BEST food, not the LEAST food, but right now I need to go overboard. Maybe that can be the motto for my maintenance, rest-of-my-life diet.  6:26 p.m.  Thank goodness I decided to only have one rib.  I can't believe the counts on a sparerib!  The entry in the calorie book was for one pound uncooked weight, which is right on the nose.  I think I'd better not buy these too often, no matter how cheap they are.