7:50 a.m. Tuesday, Day Nine.  Wow, look at yesterday's total!  That's impressive.  It was hard to do though.  I was pretty hungry in the afternoon and evening. So I'm going to be careful about going too extreme, because then the temptation to eat something bad will be too much. Yeah, I don't like using the word "bad," but I couldn't think of a more appropriate label.  Had a little bit of a panic lying in bed this morning - realized there wasn't anything for my lunch!!  It scared the hell out of me.  Not that I would have literally nothing, but that I would eat something crappy.  See, it's that diet-induced food panic.  Have to be chill about that. There's plenty of food in the world, and I'm going to have delicious meals.  No panic.  And if one meal is boring and unsatisfying, don't freak out, because the next one will be good. I can't believe my dependence on food!  I took the Dr. Phil test of "are you an emotional eater?" and scored VERY high.   Anyway, I realized that there's still two pieces of chicken left and broccoli, and I can get something else cooked this afternoon so I'll have leftovers available again. And I can go to the store today and get more vegetables or shrimp or whatnot.  The shrimp is such a good deal, diet-wise, I wish I could afford more. The best I ever see is $4.99 a pound, which will make two meals for both of us.  I got up a little late again today. Stayed up too late watching Cast Away (I'll give it a B-) and was a bit restless all night.  Didn't drink, so that's good, but I was pretty thirsty from the fish. Have a small headache this morning.  I don't think it's seltzer-related, I didn't drink that much seltzer yesterday plus this seems centered in my neck and shoulders.  So I'm a little behind schedule again, will probably have to exercise at 10 instead of 9.  It's 8:19 already and I haven't eaten yet.  You know, I have been really de-sugaring myself with this diet.  I hadn't thought about it before, but I haven't had sugar since Day One. Maybe that's causing the headache.  Like when you go through caffeine withdrawal.  I am so addicted to sugar it just seems safest to not have any.  Like I'm afraid to buy those Skinny Cow ice cream sandwiches, because if they're in the freezer, I'll eat them constantly.  They're no diet bargain if you eat the whole package.  Right now I'm reading the success stories on the Weight Watchers page. Can you believe the change in me?  I am SO SO SO not a joiner, and that includes joining or accepting a philosophy (so to speak), so it's amazing that I'm buying in to this stuff.  Again, it's just like the smoking.  I wasn't able to quit until I really bought into it. I used all the silly little psychological tricks and silly inspirational gimmicks I could.  I thought "No one else is watching you do this, no one is thinking how stupid and sheeplike you are. This is private and you can be as silly as necessary."  So that's what I'm doing here, and that's why I'm writing in this journal every two hours.  It's part of my buying in to the idea.  One thing I'm reading about is setting goals, and then rewarding yourself for achieving them.  I'm thinking I need to reward myself for getting through Week One.  Don't know what the reward is, though.  I swear, that's one of the drawbacks of living where we do, it's more of an ordeal than a treat to go somewhere.  Like I'm thinking of browsing Barnes and Noble for a magazine I might want to subscribe to, but thinking of how it will take me 25 minutes to get there, so I'm thinking of other "chores" I can combine with the trip to make it worthwhile, and all of a sudden it's work and not a treat. Whatever, I will find some nice treat for myself.  8:57 a.m. OK, finished my soup and I'm right back in my journal.  I'm taping the Dr. Phil show so I can have it around for another day when there's nothing good on. Will probably exercise to Ellen today.  I really want to keep this up. Over the weekend we got lots of exercise doing yard work, so I didn't need to do a specific exercise. I absolutely cannot exercise in front of anyone, even Bucko. Maybe especially Bucko.  Like I get mad if he even comes into the room when I'm working out.  I guess I'll have to get used to that, because the glider will be right in the dining room. Although probably I'll do it when he's at work. But on the weekends — if we don't have major yard/house work planned, I'll have to do the gliding. Speaking of, just got a confirmation email from Wal-Mart saying it has shipped and will be delivered sometime between Thursday and next Wednesday. Yeah, that's a tight schedule.  11:21 a.m.  Finished one hour workout.  Not a good one, I don't have enough energy today. Perhaps from how little I ate yesterday!  Watched half of Waiting to Exhale during. I'm going on a late lunch with Daisy, so trying to figure out someplace I can get reasonable food. I would love some sushi, maybe I could get sashimi instead. If we go to one of those Chili's type restaurants, I'll have to get a salad, and low-fat dressing. Blah. Sushi would be better, even with the rice. But what the hell, they're the kind of restaurant that is open ALL the time, we can get drinks, Daisy can smoke.  It won't kill me to have a salad.  Maybe they even have a fish meal.  6:24 p.m.  Just got back from lunch/drinks.  I am SO pound of myself.  Didn't succumb.  We ordered a shrimp and cheese dip with croutons or whatever, and it was DELICIOUS and I only ate 4 pieces of bread. We left half of it on the plate. Oh my god, I can't believe I did that. Because it was filled with delicious greasy rich goodness and I wanted to eat it ALL.  But I stopped myself after eating a quarter of it, and then got a salad.  And I could tell the salad had a fair amount of oil in the dressing, so I DIDN'T FINISH IT.  I ate about half.  Holy cow, who has killed me and replaced me with a non-eating robot??? I am so rewarding myself for this!  Don't know what form that will take, but damn I'm impressed with myself! Resisting that kind of temptation while drinking.  I'll have to figure out the calories later (too drunk now) but it was very moderate for that type of restaurant. Damn, I rule! I rock!  I am the BOMB.  And thank god, because I had four glasses of wine, and will probably have two more later tonight.  7:45 p.m. Okay, DOUBLE points to me.  Bucko brought home a Wendy's salad for me, AND french fries. I ate FOUR fries.  And half the salad.  Man, I am doing so good.  I'm so impressed with my strength.  My only failing today is not drinking the water.  Mostly because I was out all day and didn't have the opportunity, not that I'm excusing myself.  I've seen other people write that eating a particular thing might feel good but that it just doesn't feel as good as losing weight.  I've never quite gotten that, but it's starting to make sense.  Like as delicious as that shrimp dip was, it wasn't as delicious as staying on my plan and getting to brag about myself (to myself) about how strong and wonderful I am.