MONDAY, FIRST DAY OF WEEK TWO!!!  Which makes this Day Eight.  We are having a big old celebration today, because I got through Week One with flying colors!  Here's the count for WEEK ONE:    calories consumed: 11,625    goal calories tppw: 9,121    goal calories oppw: 12,614  I am 2,511 calories over the goal for tppw. Therefore, I should have lost one pound, with 989 calories left over, which in a laboratory setting would equal another .28 of a pound.  So about one and a quarter pounds.  Therefore, I now weigh 258.75.  Hee hee.  This is hilarious, the whole thing is on paper (on electrons).  I don't know what I weighed to start with or how much, if any, I really did lose.  This seems to be an exercise in faith for me. I'm going to simply believe that it's working.  It has to be that way at first anyway.  A scale is not able to reliably detect whether I've lost a pound or not. There's too much fluctuation for that to register for real.  It might say I'd lost 4 pounds, but 3 of that is water, not permanent.  So we'll leave the scale alone for now.  Back to today:  overslept terribly.  I didn't get up until 8; it's 8:38 now and I haven't even had breakfast yet.  So exercise will be a little late today. I think I will tape Dr. Phil so I have that available in case Ellen is dull. Oh please let the glider arrive soon!  Had a wonderful time with Daisy last night.  I missed her SO much, and it broke my heart that she could go two weeks without me.  I know that's silly, she's lived 32 years perfectly well without me. It's not that I want her dependent or clingy, I guess it just hurt my feelings (or maybe ego) a little.  Anyway, she's back in town and we have grandiose ideas for our Plan 9 and how we're going to change our lives. So yay.  And I'm on the Mac today; with Bucko back at work I can probably get access enough.  That's nice.  So, this week I'm going to start tracking water consumption.  I want to drink 80 ounces a day. That's ten eight-ounce glasses.  My water glasses are 12 ounces, so I need to drink 6.6 glasses, which I will round up to 7.  I need to drink 7 glasses of water a day.  I know I'm only drinking 3-4 glasses now. And in a random note: removing the skin from the chicken is definitely worth it.  I LOVE the skin, but it adds so many calories, I can have a whole nother piece for the same amount.  11:29 a.m. Finished the hour exercise. Hard going!  The first half hour was good, I worked really hard, but dragged the second part. Barely picking up my feet by the last quarter. Also I'm starving.  I'm having more water now to fill up, because I don't want to eat until 12:30 or 1:00, since I am running behind.  I don't want to be slave to the clock, but I'm trying to spread my meals out, so I don't eat my day's "allotment" in the first five hours.  Really excited about Week Two.  Bucko and I have once again resolved to limit ourselves to "Drinking Nights," which are Tuesday, Friday, and Saturday.  That will cut another 400 to 1000 calories from my weekly total. I like the way I'm treating this as an exact science, even though I don't actually know a) how much I weigh, b) how many calories I used to eat, c) how many calories I should eat, d) how many calories I'm burning in exercise, and e) my ass from a hole in the ground.  1:08 p.m. Delicious lunch of leftover chicken.  I decided to have four pieces — two legs and two thighs — but didn't realize the plate had five pieces. When I sat down to eat it, I thought "oh well, then I'll just have five."  Uh-uh. Hit the brakes on that one. I was so hungry I wanted to eat forever. But came to my senses and realized, I won't still be hungry after four pieces.  I don't have to keep eating just because it's good. I mean, chicken isn't THAT good.  So I ended up eating only three pieces.  That's so much better, it leaves me room for a snack later and it was a good exercise in stopping in time.  2:27 p.m.  Cleaning out the closet upstairs. What a mess!  I'm trying to carry some of it out to the garage, but can't take too many trips up and down the stairs.  Had a really strong craving for something sweet.  Had an apple, that seems to have taken care of it. Doing well with the water too.  I'm starting to track fiber also.  I'm not sure it's as meaningful as if I also track the sugar part of the carbs, but I think this is as much of a chart as I can take.  It's enough to give me a good picture and it's fun and interesting to maintain. Any more and I'll either lose interest or I'll focus too much on filling out a chart instead of living.  3:13. My tight jeans seem looser today than a few days ago. Hope that's a true sign. Feeling hungry again, and it's early in the day. I'm drinking more water. Going to get a little more exercise this afternoon, even if it's just packing.  I don't want my metabolism to slow from eating less.  4:05 p.m.  Taking down the blinds in the bathroom. Dusty!  Also dull.  I'll try to finish, but taking out all those screws by hand is killer.  I got my water quota done today by 3:30.  Good news, I won't be up peeing all night.  Haven't planned dinner yet, but we have a little piece of salmon.  I think the ribs are still frozen.  Of course we can have a vegetable-intensive meal with just a tiny bit of fish.  I can see I need to shop more often than usual, since we're not eating fast food anymore.  I have 811 calories left for today. And I'm babbling again.  5:25 p.m.  I can't believe how often I feel the need to "check in" here. It's just been my whole life for the past week, and I'll write any trivial nothing just to be writing and thinking about losing weight. Maybe that is what will make it work this time, maybe somehow I've developed the focus and interest to do it, and managed to set aside the resentment and onerousness.  Because honestly, it pisses me off that I should "have to" lose weight.  It pisses me off that people judge me, in all aspects of my character, based on this single physical attribute. I hate the societal pressure for women to lose weight to look good.  It's one thing to lose for health, but as far as looks, hey go fuck yourself.  Having salmon, steamed broccoli, and black bean salad for dinner. It will be a pretty big piece of salmon, around 8 ounces. Made a sauce/dip for the broccoli out of no-fat yogurt with about a tablespoon of gorgonzola cheese, ginger, and fresh ground pepper.  It's not bad — the tanginess of the yogurt doesn't go with everything, but it's nice with most vegetables. The bean salad is a can of black beans, a can of "Mexican" diced tomatoes, and a handful of leftover lettuce.  It's pretty and colorful, and has a wonderful texture.