Sunday. DAY SEVEN!!  I am so excited to be on the last day.  I did really well last night at Capper's.  Before I've even added in my calories, I'm going to congratulate myself. Two drinks, a salad, and a dinner roll (the roll was irresistible). I probably have gone over my target, but I still was remarkably restrained in an environment where I could have easily added on another 1000 to 2000 calories.  OK, just added up my calories for yesterday. 1920.  Not bad!  That means I'm at 10,032 before eating anything Sunday, which means I still have almost 3,000 calories left just for today (for oppw). I'm over tppw by 911 calories.  I certainly won't eat 3000 today, so I guess I'll lose somewhere around a pound and a half.  Since I'm not weighing myself, I can't imagine how I'm going to track progress on these terms. But as I've mentioned, one or two pounds isn't going to show up on me anyway.  I'll need to do this for a month before I can see any difference.  I guess I'll just go with how my clothes fit.  If I really do start losing weight in a noticeable way, maybe I'll buy a scale for inspiration.  I'm pretty psyched up for next week, hoping I can beat this week. Saw a really funny sketch on Mad TV, of a QVC show where two tiny thin women were doing the sales for a Plus-Size clothing line, and making nasty comments about the fat model. Then the model gets sick of it and turns on them. She says something to the first one like "What are you so righteous about? You have the body of a 10-year-old boy. When you were puking up your third breakfast this morning, did you also puke your personality into the toilet, because that's where you left it."  And to the other women, something about "You're so shapeless you look like a Pez body with a Bitch head."  I LOVE that line. With a bitch head. Hee hee hee.  2:56 p.m.  Just finished with the wood piling.  That's it!  I am TIRED, but glad to have gotten the exercise.  Daisy is going to come over around 4:00, and is bringing wine or beer.  I'm glad I had the small lunch (270 calories), because that will give me some leeway for drinking and snacking.  Drinking seltzer water now to keep my stomach full until then.  I am starving, so probably will cut up some celery, cucumber, and carrots.  Also I want to congratulate myself that I've been to the supermarket twice since the beginning of my "diet" and also to a restaurant, and I resisted the temptation to buy any sweets.  I LOOKED at the Skinny Cow ice cream in Lowes, to make sure they have it, but I didn't buy any.  I'm reading over what I wrote on Monday, and I've come a long way just in this one week.