Saturday, Day Six. Can you believe it?  Almost through a week.  A little difficult to figure yesterday's calories. We had a dinner of leftovers and tiny smidgens of stuff, so I'm making a best-guess.  Once again, too much wine. That was my highest day of calories so far.  It's not a horrible amount, so I don't feel like I fell off the horse or cheated or anything like that, it's just a reminder to pay attention to what I'm eating.  We're going food shopping this morning, which is good. I need to replenish the tomato juice and vegetable sitch.  Not sure about the seltzer water. I don't have a headache today, but I had a bit of one late last night. Of course, that could have been the wine!  Which I must drink less of!  Time to start having wine spritzers.  Not what I would do with a good wine, but it will be fine with the cheapie stuff we usually get.  Delicious lunch of veggie sandwich in whole-wheat pita.  Not enough food though, you can't pack much into a pita.  So also had the last leftover drumstick. That's actually fewer calories than the pita alone. Bread sucks!  Drinking lemon-lime seltzer today.  Didn't exercise this morning, since I got up late and we went grocery shopping. Will have to work it in this afternoon.  So I figured my weekly amount of calories should be 12,614 to lose oppw; 9,121 to lose tppw.  Right at this moment I'm at 8,112 with a day and a half left in the week.  So I don't think I'll make tppw, but I should be good with oppw. Hee.  Definitely have to crank this up, I am not going to be patient enough for oppw. Damn wine!  3:09 p.m.  Taking a little break from cutting and hauling wood. Oh yes, this will account for my exercise today.  It isn't quite backbreaking, but it's very hard work. Good.  My, what a change in my life, deliberately looking for opportunities to exercise.  5:07 p.m. Done with the wood for today. We didn't get all of it done, there's SO much to do.  I can see we're going to need help loading the truck next weekend. Not sure who we can sucker into it.  I'm drinking wine coolers, which are kind of nasty, but obviously a much better deal calorie-wise and probably better for my liver too.  Had a little snack of cherry tomatoes. I looked up tomatoes again in the food counts book, and I think I've been overestimating significantly. I'm going to go with 11 calories for ten cherry tomatoes.  Also, they're actually called "grape" tomatoes" because they're so small.  I figure we can have that shrimp salad again for dinner, because I've got all the pieces for it. Shrimp, lettuce, tomatoes, mangoes.  Mmmm.  I might get inspired enough to start tracking fiber on my charts.  Most of the carbs I'm eating (besides wine) come from vegetables, but without tracking fiber there's no way to note that it's not from sugar.  I like the stream of consciousness style of journal I'm doing here.  It's all so trivial and random, just whatever thought pops into my head.  Definitely not blog material, nothing here that would interest or amuse anyone else.  7:10 p.m.  I'm at 1495 calories right now, and we're getting ready to go out to Capper's.  I really don't want to be writing in here tomorrow about how I blew it tonight, so I need a strategy.  OK, I'm going to have vodka and soda. One of those is 65 calories, so I can afford to drink a couple.  And I'll have water with each one, to keep hydrated and slow down the alcohol consumption.  OK, that sounds good.  Oh boy, one more day to go in week one! I'm at 9,607 calories right now; 12,614 to lose oppw; 9,121 to lose tppw. So unless I go completely crazy tomorrow, I should have lost ONE POUND this week!