Friday, Day Five. Feeling OK today.  Slept OK, a little restless but not bad for me.   I'm pretty happy with the soup for breakfast.  That's the least emotionally important meal of the day for me, and so the easiest to have something boring.  It's a major savings of calories for me.  I used to eat leftovers for breakfast, as well as lunch, and referring to my charts of this week, that would be 350 to 450 calories instead of 110.  So I've saved 240 to 340 calories right there.  Which is well on the way to reducing intake by 500 calories a day.  Not sure how much I was eating before the diet, so I don't know how it compares.  I'm guessing I was eating a third again as much food, and maintaining my weight for the most part. Call it another 550 calories, or around 2195 total.  So actually I'm right on target with how much I'm reducing.  I might even be in the two-pounds-per-week range. I think I'd better start abbreviating that as tppw.  Also having increased my exercise from 20 or 30 minutes to 60 minutes will help.  I'm going to go look up some calories expenditures for exercise.  Holy cow!  The calorie council website says that walking briskly for an hour, I will burn 686 calories!  I think that's a little high, but still...  excellent.  "Taking a stroll" was 358 calories.  I think my expenditure has been somewhere between those two.  More than strolling, but perhaps not as vigorous as brisk walking.  That's what I'm saying about not being able to exercise as hard as I would like. I mean, I can't RUN.  And I can only walk so fast because of knees and feet.  I can't jump around too much for the same reasons, and also for the stair-stepping.  That is a good workout, but it's hell on my feet.  Also, the calorie council website recommends fat intake of less than 35% of the diet.  I am doing WAY less than that. Way less. Like 10%.  Some of my foods are hard to track because they're such a small portion.  Like, I can't put NOTHING, but it's hard to figure how much it is.  I might put a can of tomatoes in the bean salad, but I drained the liquid out. So how much of a can is left?  The actual serving I ate might have had four or five chunks of tomato in it. How much of a whole tomato is that?  I'm just doing my best guess, and estimating high.  The "Food Counts" book is hard to use, I might try referring to the calorie website.  I read about "Skinny Cow" brand low-fat and no-fat ice cream bars and sandwiches. They look pretty good. 130 calorie each, 0 or 20 calories from fat, 22 grams carbs.  So it's not like they're GOOD for you, but if I have an uncontrollable sweets craving, it would be better to treat it this way than go get an entire Lindt bar. Looks like Lowe's, Food Dog, Kroger, Harris Teeter, and Wal-Mart all carry them.  10:51 a.m. Finished an hour workout.  Managed to work a little harder today. Did stair stepping interspersed with total gym and the little dumbbells.  I was just dragging the last 15 minutes.  Also starving.  Had a glass of tomato juice.  I'm trying to resist the mid morning snack, and am having cherry flavored seltzer water instead. That will also be my test to see if I get a headache.  I'm completely addicted to this little journal now.  It was making me very edgy when Bucko was on the computer and I couldn't write in here.  I moved over to the PC so I could have access all the time.  I guess I just have to make this my life for now. That's been pretty easy to do since I'm not working, I don't know what it will be like when (hopefully) I'm back on the job.  Speaking of which, I have no idea what my employment status is. There's a rumor the office will be closed down this year.  Don't know if that means "sometime this year" or "January 1."  Since it's already the 2nd, you'd think we would have a little notice, but I wouldn't count on it.  I hate that place terrifically and want to get out, but I can't deny the convenience of the paycheck. The large paycheck.  I worked ONE hour in the second half of December, so my paycheck will be about $20.  As opposed to $1600 or so.  That's a little scary.  I just transferred $1000 from savings to get through the first half of January, and I'm not sure it's enough. We just spent over $300 on getting the HVAC fixed.  If I don't get some hours in the next two weeks, we'll be living off savings.  It would be nice to sell a piece of furniture; I've got to get that stuff somewhere people can see it.  I'm not keen on Asheville, the one table I have up there hasn't sold. Not to mention the prices are quite low.    Gross. I hate work.  I'm going to go make veggie burritos for Bucko's work lunches now.  The burritos turn out to be approximately 400 calories each, 19 g protein, 57 carb, 13.5 fat.  Most of the calories and fat come from the tortillas.  I mistakenly bought the fat-containing brand this time. At least it doesn't have lard.  Had a rather rich lunch, with the porkloin and all. Delicious though.  Today is going well.  4:08 p.m.  Finished the first sanding and patching of the bathroom. I'm just having the last of the cherry seltzer, so that will be one liter I've drank today.  Very happy I'm halfway through Day Five.  Right now I've had 656 calories.  I think that's about right — I'm halfway through my goal amount, and I have dinner left. That always tends to be the biggest meal.  I'm really happy with how low-cal the shrimp salad was.  Not just the lettuce, but the shrimp were a bargain too. 15 shrimp, 83 calories. That sounds too small, I'm going to check the book again.  No, it's right. 4 large shrimp are 22 calories. That's 5.5 calories each, so for 15 it's 82.5 calories. Excellent.  How can they be so little?  Ah, calorie counting.  How obsessive and horrible.  I hate it, and yet I need to embrace it to do this thing.  Wouldn't it be so wonderful if it worked?  I wish so much I could have done this a year before Tahiti.  And I tried, I mean look at the beginning date of this journal.  It wasn't working, and I hope the results are different this time.  I think so, because I'm willing to modify my behavior a great deal now, whereas before I think I was too hung up on the concept of fairness.  Anyway, I hate the thought of going to Tahiti fat.  Yeah, another fat American. Gaaah.  I don't know why white people aren't allowed to be fat. Polynesians are kind of heavy.  So are a lot of African Americans, and Latinas.  Those girls on Univision are hot!  Well fuck it, white women are too allowed to be fat, because I'm fat, and I'm very hot, and no one can tell me what I'm "allowed," so there.  For all this calorie-counting and writing, I'm actually not obsessing about food.  I haven't been hungry much and haven't felt deprived.  Can't wait for the glider!  Could be as little as six days, maybe the end of next week.