Day Four. New Year's Day. I'm at the half-way mark of the week.  So, not so bad on Wednesday, especially for New Year's Eve.  Not quite where I want to be, but not too bad.  I'm still in the lose-a-pound-per-week range.   I almost cheated in tracking my food yesterday, because I ate so much compared to the other two days.  I filled out my chart before I ate dinner, with approximations of amount that I could finalize after the meal. But I hadn't taken into account the gorgonzola sauce or the black bean salad, and definitely not the drinks.  So I almost didn't put them on the chart, because I didn't want to see my totals go up too high.  But I'm not going to do it that way.  There's no point in this if I'm going to lie or try to create some kind of false impression.  Who am I lying to? There's no one else involved in this besides me.  I've got to give up the notion of "proving" that I don't overeat.  I know I don't, and it has nothing to do with the concept of dieting to lose weight.  I don't have to prove it to anyone.  I guess I think that if I diet and lose weight by doing so, it means that my whole life I've eaten too much and that's why I'm so fat, and it's all my fault.  That I have a faulty behavior that I could have fixed and didn't. That my whole life was wasted through my own stupidity and weakness.  Well, fuck that.  That isn't what it means.  The fact that I have to diet to lose weight doesn't mean that you just reverse the polarity to see the opposite result.  Slept really crappy last night.  I went to sleep too early (9:00).  I woke up at 12:30, and watched TV until about 3:30.  The whole South Park movie.  I didn't even get up until 9 today (my normal exercise time) so I can see it's going to be hard to fit it in today.  I might have to do it in pieces instead of an hour straight.  A little frightened today thinking about having to do this for a year.  That's more-or-less the amount of time it would take me to get to a reasonable weight.  52 weeks times two pounds a week, is 104 pounds, which would bring me to 156.  So it's more likely to be longer than a year, because I may not achieve the 2 pounds, and will probably have some backsliding and plateaus.  I haven't thought in terms of goal weight yet, but I think 150 has been floating around my mind.  Maybe 135, but I'd have to see what 150 was like first; 135 might be too thin.  So I'm looking to lose 110 pounds, maybe 125 pounds. That sounds so crazy!  That I can lose an entire normal bodyweight. God, how did I get to be so fat?  You know, when I look in the mirror, I don't look that fat to me.  It's not until I see a photo that I'm stunned by it.   So anyway, I don't like the thought of doing this for years.  But, I'm going to look on the optimistic side, and realize that I've been eating very delicious, varied food on my diet, so it's not like a sentence of celery and grapefruit.  This is mostly portion control and cutting out the unnecessary calories from condiments.  As far as the exercise, maybe if I get fit enough, I will actually enjoy doing it, and be able to do more.  It could happen.  11:38 a.m.  Feeling kind of cranky.  I think it has to do with no exercise today.  I did ten minutes, and figured I'd do another 10-15 in a while, repeat until I have my whole hour down.  Maybe I should have done more in one swell foop.  We're planning on taking our New Year's walk around Lake Lynn today, which I think is at least a mile, maybe even two, so that will be good, and certainly counts toward the exercise.  Oh, I can't wait for the glider.  It's about the only exercise I've been able to do that lets me work really hard.  Because of knees and feet and impact, it's difficult for me to move very quickly or for any great length of time.  The glider lets me "run" without pain and damage, so I can exert more and get a good heartbeat.  I don't think I've moved my heart rate into the fat-burning range for months, if not years.  2:18 p.m. Back from the lake. Yep, seems to be two miles around, and I've got my hour's exercise accomplished.   4:54 p.m.  Finished stripping the wallpaper.  Now I will have to sand, patch, sand again, prime with oil, and paint.  Fortunately we never use that bathroom, so it's no hardship to have it torn apart for a couple weeks.  Still full from lunch, so that's good.  Definitely feeling better after walking and stripping. Heh.  7:40 p.m. Delicious dinner — shrimp on lettuce salad, with mango and cherry tomatoes, and a side of sliced cucumber and radish and one of steamed carrots.  Also I see I have room for one or two glasses of wine, which would be nice. Overall a pretty good day.  No headache, which doesn't bode well for the seltzer water. That is so damned disappointing, because I really like that stuff and it helps me drink enough water.  So I'm almost through Day Four, and the whole week has gone very well.  Of course, this is what I've spent all my time and focus on, and I expect that will be a challenge to maintain.  After the full week, I will spend some time analyzing what I've been eating, and see where I can make improvements. Also I'm quite proud that I've exercised an hour each day so far. Haven't let myself off the hook once.  I know one of my danger points is boredom, and another will be eating in restaurants. We both love restaurants, and the food is so rich and the portions are huge.  Assuming I can make myself take home half of it, it's still far beyond what I should be eating.  I don't see any point in going to a restaurant and ordering salad, so I think the wisest course is to avoid eating out as much as possible.  Then when we do, we can order regular food, but it will be so infrequent as to not sabotage my entire diet.  Did I mention I can't wait for the glider to get here?