I want to address an open letter to people who drive dangerously. Let me first define what dangerous driving is: driving too fast for conditions, driving significantly faster than the posted speed limit, weaving in and out of traffic, running red lights or stop signs, making unsignalled lane changes and turns, passing in no-passing zones, tailgating, and throwing your car in reverse and shooting out of your parking space before you bother to look in the rear view mirror.  Here’s the thing, people.  In this life, we don’t all get to do whatever we want, whenever we want. That includes driving. You want to drive 70 miles an hour? Fine. Do it on the highway, not in my neighborhood. You want to drive 90 miles an hour? Fine. Do it on a racetrack, not on the highway.  You want to weave, run lights, and tailgate? Nope, sorry, that’s not allowed anywhere. You’re just going to have to suppress that little impulse.  Let me give an analogy. You like to drive fast? Well, I like to shoot guns. Seriously, I enjoy shooting at targets. So I go to a shooting range, where there are rules about how and when and where I can carry my gun, load it, and fire it.  I have to pass a gun safety test before they’ll allow me to shoot there.  There’s a rangemaster who ensures the rules are followed; for instance, he or she calls and ends a cease fire, in which the shooters can walk out onto the field to retrieve their targets and put up new ones. For obvious reasons, no one is allowed to walk back to where the guns are during this cease fire.  I’ve never seen anyone stupid enough to argue with these rules or try to defy the rangemaster. See, we all understand that we’re handling potentially deadly weapons, and we need to KNOW what the other people are doing. Their behavior has to be predictable to all of us. Because we could KILL someone if we fuck up.   If you can’t see the parallel here with driving, God help you. Actually, God help me, because I have to be on the road with you.  When I go to a shooting range, I have agreed to abide by their rules. And every person at that range has the right to expect everyone else to follow those rules. All of our safety depends on it. When you get in your car, you have made a legally binding, written contract with ME (and the rest of society) that you are going to abide by the rules.  That’s what a driver’s license is. I have the RIGHT to expect you to behave within those constraints, and thus predictably, for my own safety. I have NOT made an exception for you, no matter how “good” a driver you think you are.    When I see someone who flagrantly breaks those rules, I see someone who cannot function in a cooperative society. Someone who cannot understand the concept of restraining impulsive behavior for the greater good.  I don’t know psychological jargon very well, but I think that’s called a sociopath.  When I see someone speeding excessively, passing dangerously, changing lanes like they’re on a slotcar track, I see a child abuser, an arsonist, a serial killer, a rapist.  You can imagine how much respect I have for that person, and how much grief I would feel if I were to see their car wrapped around a tree on the next curve.  Yeah, it’s ugly to think something like that. But you see, that person has already wished the same fate on me; that person has already decided that my safety and indeed my very life are not as important as their momentary excitement or sense of power or whatever childish gratification they’re getting from behaving like an asshole. As far as I’m concerned, the sooner that person is taken off the road, the better, and I don’t much care how it happens.  And there’s one more thing I want to say about people who drive aggressively and rudely: they’re cowards. Because it’s easy to be rude and aggressive when surrounded by the anonymity and perceived armor of a car. I don’t think these people would dare exhibit the same behavior in a different arena, say for instance, the grocery store.  Someone might object, and someone might do something about it.