7:23 a.m. Sunday. I guess I feel okay, except for being tired. I woke up at 5:00 a.m., and couldn’t go back to sleep.  I couldn’t get comfortable in bed, and my mind was filled with squirrelly thoughts. Nothing major, just things I need to remember, chores, bills. That kind of thing. I went downstairs to watch TV and thought I would fall asleep in the chair, but I didn’t. I finally gave up a few minutes ago and made coffee. I don’t know what caused it.  My hip still hurts, that’s bad news. I’m afraid it might be in the joint and not the muscle.  My numbers yesterday aren’t bad for a drinking day. Also, limited myself to three drinks. Yay for me.  I need to do something to change this, and I think I will take the advice of Dr. Phil, who says willpower doesn’t work. Willpower comes and goes. You have to change your life so that the opportunity isn’t there. So it might be wise to stop buying vodka. Buy a bottle of wine for drinking night, and that’s it. Red wine, because I don’t drink that so quickly. I will see if Bucko is willing to try that for a while. Again I want to note that I seem to be allergic to alcohol. I get a stuffy nose from one drink.  An interesting tip for avoiding eating when hungry: engage in a highly-scented activity, such as polishing your nails or cleaning furniture with lemon-scented oil. Umm, okay.  I’ve decided to track my total minutes exercising for each week. I’m setting 300 minutes as my minimum goal. I’ll total them up on Sundays, because I rarely exercise on weekends. I’m going to count only deliberate exercise, not incidental exercise. When I get back from vacation, I would like to weigh myself at the doctor’s and get an official weight; recalculate my BMI and BMR; start counting my BMR calories and subtracting exercise from that figure.  If I feel that energetic!  5:19 p.m. I am SO crabby.  It came on me very suddenly as we were driving around looking at neighborhoods.  It’s so intense that I have to suppose it’s related to hormones or something I ate.  I mean, I am so foul I can barely force myself to speak civilly to Bucko. Every single thing he does or says is making me FURIOUS.  I guess I have to blame the chocolate; I haven’t eaten anything else unusual today or yesterday. Boy!  I don’t remember having a reaction to chocolate like this in the past, it must be from removing it from my diet for so long. I’m not used to it anymore.  Also I was so hungry when we got back from the ride that I ate half a rib.  That’s going to affect how much I can eat for dinner.  I think I let myself get too thirsty and too hungry this afternoon, and then couldn’t catch up.  8:18 p.m. I have GREAT numbers this week.  I should have lost almost two pounds.  I’m going to drink more water tonight and make sure I don’t eat anything else, so I end the week well. I’m glad I got in such low numbers before vacation, maybe I can continue for the rest of next week. We leave on Friday, and I just don’t know what it’s going to be like. There’s no way I’m going to fly halfway around the world in order to deprive myself of great food, but I’m going to try to balance it. I don’t have to eat hugely or richly every single meal. I can experience the restaurants and local cuisine without going crazy. I hope.  I’m planning on having a little notebook with me so that I can keep SOME sort of record, though since all our meals will be out, I won’t be able to be super accurate. That’s okay, I’ll just make my best guesses as to WHAT I ate, and then when I get home I can try to figure out the numbers.