6:17 a.m. Thursday. Feeling pretty good today.  I woke up a little early, around 5:15 I think.  Had to use the bathroom, so I couldn’t go back to sleep and figured I might as well get up.  We have a winter storm warning today AND tomorrow. This has been the worst winter since we’ve lived here. We’ve had a couple bigger storms, but never so MANY storms.  I’m really looking forward to Tahiti just to get away from the weather!    So yesterday wasn’t too bad.  The Crazy Fire was not a good choice, but I compensated with dinner, so it came out reasonably.  Once again I am concerned whether I am still losing weight.  My progress is so slow that I feel like I lost several pounds after the first four weeks, and nothing has happened since then. So I want to remind myself that the first time I was able to wear the Measurement Pants was February 19. That’s exactly seven days ago, on Day 52. So obviously there has been continuous progress. Maybe today I’ll try the Measurement Shorts and see how that goes.  My ring has been tighter for a couple weeks now, ever since I did the kitchen floor. I figured my hands were a bit swollen (they were) but surely that should have worn off by now? At least I can still take it off and on, even if it’s a bit snug.  So I’m wanting to get my hair cut before the trip, and with this weather I doubt it will happen before Monday.  I’m going to look online for a Mitchell’s.  Not sure why, I think I had a dream about Mitchell’s.  I would like to find a good hair stylist that I could stick with, but since I only go every couple years that’s hard to find. Maybe if I found one I liked, I would go more often. Whatever.  8:13 a.m. Boy, I REALLY don’t feel like gliding today.  Can’t weight lift because I did it yesterday. Can’t say I feel like Richard Simmons or Cindy Crawford, either.  Maybe I can do more belly dance.  I’d prefer something mindless, but just can’t face any more gliding. Unless there’s something really absorbing on TV, it becomes dreary.  Don’t worry, I still like the glider over most other forms of exercise, but I need something to watch and Dr. Phil has sucked for quite a long time.  There’s nothing on until 10, when Ellen comes on, but that’s too late in the morning to exercise. Breaks up the day too much.  I made a separate home page for all my weight loss links. It’s pink. Hee. I’ve been screwing around with it instead of exercising. But I’m going to exercise. Soon. Really.  10:14 a.m. OK, I did the belly dance tape.  I’m not sure how to figure the calories, but what I’m going to do is this: a 35-minute workout, with 10 minutes equivalent to dusting (the warmup, 44 calories), 10 minutes equivalent to disco dancing (the ending part, 115 calories), and 15 minutes equivalent to walking the dog (the middle part, 123 calories).  Also tried on the Measurement Shorts, and sure enough they’re a wee bit closer to buttoning. And on a different subject: I am damned tired of this snow and ice and sleet. We can count on being stuck in the house for at least two days, which isn’t so bad in itself, but it’s so likely the power will go out. I have to fill up the bathtubs for flushing the toilets, fill up some pitchers for drinking water, cook up a bunch of food, do laundry, make extra ice for the cooler, etc. etc. It’s taking up too much time.   11:23 a.m. I’m cooking chicken in anticipation of power failure, and the smell is driving me wild. I’m starving!  I had an apple and another glass of water, but it’s hard to keep my mind off.  I don’t want to eat until 12:15, so I have a long way to go. I have discovered an activity that I link with eating in my mind: reading.  Whenever I sit down to read I want a snackie.  So far I’ve managed to limit that to pickles, but it’s hard to break. So anyway, I’m trying to pack some more. Collected and washed off the gargoyles, when they’re dry I’ll pack them with some silk plants. I might just sit and futz around in here until it’s lunch time. I hadn’t wanted to spend all day on the computer, but I need something to distract me. Random thought: remember to do push-ups as shown on WW page (side pushups).  Also I would like to discuss a weird goal of mine. This is something that will take a couple years.  I would like to belly dance in public. Professionally, I mean, like at a restaurant, or along those lines. I guess more than just once, but it doesn’t have to be a career. But I’d like to a) learn to belly dance well enough to do it, and b) lose enough weight to feel okay doing it.  Those two goals go together quite well.  Dancing is very difficult for me, I’m worse than having two left feet.  I seem to have some sort of weird mental block against understanding steps.  But belly dance uses natural, female movements, so it’s not hard to figure out. Hard to DO, yes, but not hard to figure out.  You can tell when you’re doing it right because it FEELS right.  So anyway, an unusual goal for me, but I’d love to accomplish it.  What the heck.  I can do the belly dance tape more often, once or twice a week, and I have the next tape in the series all ready to go. Then I can think about taking classes. Yeah, I’m just assuming I can find belly dance classes here; what do I think this is, Boulder? Heh. Well. I want to wear the outrageously sexy clothes, and the bangly jewelry, and fling my hair around and just be completely wanton. That would rule.  And I want to write about how I’m starting to dream about gorgeous clothes.  I’ve hated clothes for so long, but now I’m starting to think about being able to shop in ANY store. Like when you go to the beach, and they have these beautiful, exotic, slinky, tropical dresses in the shops, and they’re absolutely gorgeous, and I want them so much, and the biggest size is maybe a 12 or 14. Well, some day I’m going to have that. Oh, I have so far to go, but I’m starting to feel like I might really make it. Because I can do this. I can definitely eat this way. As far as the exercising, the only thing that will get in my way is a job. If that happens, I will simply have to put everything else in my life on LOW priority. Everything.  2:22 p.m. Bonus points for me — did 40 minutes on the glider, while I watched the second belly dance tape.  And did I mention it’s snowing? AGAIN.