7:55 a.m. Saturday.  Yesterday turned out better than I thought it would. I may even be estimating a little high on the drinks.  I didn’t have anything to drink in the evening — I mixed up a martini, then didn’t want it, so Robert drank it. Hoping I will have a good end to my last week of Month Two.  I’m doing a little minor formatting to the [offline] journal. Adding the date/week in the header.  I’m considering starting a new file when I get into Week 9.  This is 184 pages already.  On the other hand, this ancient version of Word is pretty streamlined, and it isn’t cumbersome to work with the file. And I like being able to search for previous calories. We’ll see.  Adding little red hearts when I do something good. Also put my goals/rewards at the top of the document. Which reminds me that I haven’t bought my Amazon book rewards yet.  In fact, I’m probably nearly at the second goal (size 22), depending on which pants I measure by. Next week I want to go to Walmart, and try on 24s and 22s of the jeans I bought recently — the low riders or whatever they’re called.  That’s what I’ll use for measurement pants to determine what size I am, because it’s that brand of pants that I was wearing a size 26 in.  Okay, here’s what I did: I decided my size 24 reward is the $240 worth of new shoes I bought already, and size 22 will be Amazon books. Because I should reach that goal pretty soon, if not already. Then size 20 will be dinner at Cappers, something that probably won’t happen for at least a couple months. I’m as far away from fitting into the Measurement Shorts as I was last year of fitting into the Measurement Pants.  Although, here is some good news: yesterday I thought the Measurement Shorts were about a quarter-inch or half-inch closer to buttoning. So that should also lay to rest my doubts about whether I am still losing weight. I am, just slowly. And not where I want it the most, around my waist.  I can definitely fit into shirts that I haven’t worn for a year. Also, yesterday I wore the underpants that I had set aside as too small a few weeks ago. They didn’t roll down my stomach. Slow progress, but progress nonetheless.  I’m going to wear my new tennis shoes around the house today to continue trying to break them in.