8:04 a.m. Friday, Day 54.  Three more days left in the Two Months.  I feel really crappy this morning. Could barely get up.  I’m pretty sure it was the single tiny slice of Domino’s pizza we had at the basketball game. Or the diet coke. I was SO thirsty from it, eventually I woke up and couldn’t drink enough, and couldn’t sleep. So I was up for a couple hours, then eventually slept again, which always makes me feel crappy the next day. Also I am very stiff and sore, more so than I should be from the weights yesterday, which is a sure sign of too much salt, MSG, or some other inflammatory ingredient. I will be very wary of diet soft drinks in future.  However, I am glad that my numbers weren’t too bad yesterday. I decided to eat the rib after all. It’s okay to eat it for dinner, after all that’s what I had for dinner two days ago, I just didn’t want to eat it in a weird emotional storm.  So that was okay, I had potatoes and cauliflower with it, and it let me have only the one useless piece of pizza at the game. And I completely resisted the free ice cream. The game turned out to be quite fun and I’m glad we went. We had quite a little walk from the car to the stadium, and I loved it!  I wanted to walk more.  Wore my new shoes, and they did okay except that by the time we walked back I started feeling a blister on the bottom of my left foot. My feet are a little sore today. But I know that’s symptomatic of new shoes because the same thing happened to me when we went to London, and those shoes ended up being my most comfortable. But if I’m going to take these to Tahiti (not sure) I should start walking in them every day to get them in shape.  Oh, and here’s something else:  I gave Bucko the Girl Scout cookies to take to work. I ate NONE of them.  I love me.  And now for some bad news: we just got a Stop Work on that CoM project. The one I was counting on for some hours this month. That means another month with no paycheck, and our vacation coming up, which means that’s the end of our nest egg.  2:58 p.m. Yay, Daisy came to visit. I had three bloody marys. Yes, I know that’s a lot. However, it happened at lunch time, so later when I’m lamenting about how much I drank today, we must all remember that it happened over a period of about ten hours.