6:52 a.m. Thursday Day 53.  Only a few days left in the Two Months.  I am feeling pretty crappy today, mentally.  I slept okay, but had lots of sad dreams. I feel like I’m not losing weight anymore, and I’m worried about money. Work was supposed to pick up this month, and it hasn’t, and now it looks like the bulk of the project will occur while I’m on vacation. We’re not broke yet, but it’s starting to make me nervous.  I don’t know about the not-losing-weight thing.  I keep wavering about getting a scale.  I know it’s not a good idea, but I’m having a hard time finding any measurement device that I trust.  I guess nothing is going to give me consistent results all the time. Like today I can barely take my ring on and off.  So I feel very fat. But I know it’s from working on the floor — my hands are swollen.  I have to keep reminding myself.  Yesterday I tried on shirts that I haven’t worn in a while, and was thrilled to see that I can button some of them now.  So I’m not necessarily losing weight where the Measurement Pants are tight.  Still, I don’t think I’ve lost any more weight since about Week 5! Nothing has become any looser since then.  Well, I have to get through this week.  Then MAYBE I will go weigh myself at the doctor’s. Maybe.  Did much better with food yesterday, although I didn’t exercise at all.  Still, I ate somewhat when I wasn’t hungry, so it’s not an unqualified success.  But I’ll take what I can get (you see how pessimistic I am today).  Reading the Skinny Daily Post, and got some motivation back.  I know what I need to do. I need to exercise more. And vary the exercise. More strength training.  What I don’t need to do is eat less.  I don’t know if these bloggers realize it, because we’re all too close to the subject to see ourselves, but whenever one of them eats too much for a week, they lose weight.  So today, I will do the glider/weights routine. That’s killer. And since I’m pressed for time, I can get a good amount of exercise in 20 minutes.  The thing is, when you’re dieting and exercising to lose weight, you have to be really focused and establish strong habits. You can’t let yourself off the hook, you have to make sure you don’t allow any exceptions.  That discipline causes you to settle into a pattern, which allows your metabolism to adjust, which means you don’t lose weight.  Maybe I can do this the smart way, taking advantage of everyone else’s experience, and vary my exercise and calories from the beginning. Almost the beginning.  Keeping a close eye that I do ENOUGH exercise and don’t eat TOO MANY calories, but make sure it’s variable.  Yeah, that’s easy to do on the high calorie/low exercise days!  In other positive news, the kitchen is almost back together. We had an issue with the refrigerator water line leaking, so that delayed us a bit.  Now I’m out of nails to put the molding back on.  I guess all told this little project will take us six or seven days.  8:44 a.m. OK, got in a nice workout.  I’m feeling better.  I need to be drinking more water, too. There’s no doubt that dehydration doesn’t improve my mood, and I haven’t been drinking enough.  Now, even though I want to sit here and type some more, I need to go get a shower and get on the road.  3:19 p.m. Oh, and by the way... I AM WEARING THE MEASUREMENT PANTS TODAY.   YES YES YES YES YES YES YES.  4:28 p.m. Here’s something really weird. Just talked to Bucko on the phone and he reminded me that the employee appreciation night basketball game is tonight. I SO do not want to go. But I kind of have to, because he wants to so much. And I mean, I really don’t want to go. Anyway, as soon as I hung up from him I thought: I must have that leftover pork rib. RIGHT NOW. I must have it.  I went so far as to open the frig and take one bite. Then I caught up with myself and said, What are you doing?  What is this rib doing for you?  And my brain tried to come up with excuses like, There’s only going to be hot dogs and crap to eat at the game, so I need to eat dinner now. Which is not a bad idea, but I don’t need to have a pork rib! At 4:28.  I could wait an hour and have a salad or the rest of the cauliflower or something like that.  Thank god I didn’t go for the girl scout cookies. I was planning on allowing myself two, but when I saw the calorie counts, I put them right in the freezer, and I will put them right into Bucko’s car, and tell him to take them away and never bring them back.  That’s not how I want to waste my calories.  I’d much rather just have a candy bar. So anyway, I was apparently reaching for that rib to have a pleasant experience to counteract the unpleasant one.  That’s bad. But I caught myself, and managed to put the food back (it’s really hard to set down food once you’ve picked it up and especially if you’ve had a bite). A narrow escape.