6:33 a.m. Wednesday Day 52.  I ate SO much yesterday for dinner that I almost decided to just put 4000 calories in my chart and leave it at that.  I wanted to avoid the horror of adding up the numbers.  But glad I finally did. Not only is it way under 4000, but I want to continue with my non-lying streak.  Last night was the first time since I started this diet that I’ve gone back for seconds at dinner.  I really don’t know what sparked this. It’s not like I was on a mad eating binge, I just ate somewhat larger portions than usual, and I quit halfway through the second plate — realized that I didn’t need to eat it.  So...  I’m not really beating myself up for it, maybe I just needed an emotional, mental vacation from the diet.  That’s fine, and today I will re-commit to what I’m doing.  I have become a tiny bit slack, so I will gently nudge myself back in the right direction.  I’m just a little confused where this came from.  It’s not like I had a big-ass craving working itself up (which I have experienced a few times) that simply needed to explode in a pizza.  This was out of nowhere.  It was a very small binge, but the reason I’m giving it so much attention is to figure out how and why these things happen, so I can avoid them or minimize their effect on my eating.  I’m looking back over my entries for the past week, and I see that I’ve been eating over-salted food, I’ve been stuck in the house for days, I’m bored, the kitchen floor has been a frustration, I have my period. Last night was our first home-cooked meal since last Friday.  I guess all those things could add up to a little binge.   So, I’m back on the horse today, and re-commiting to this.  I will have my soup for breakfast, and a lovely salmon salad for lunch.  I will exercise.  I will write in my journal.  It will all be okay.  10:20. Shit.  I have done NO exercise yet today, and have drank no water.  I’ve been surfing the internet mindlessly.  For no good reason. What the heck is with me?  Apparently I need some sort of kick in the behind.  Well, I’m on my way to Home Depot, perhaps on the way I can revitalize myself or something.