7:07 a.m. Tuesday, Day 51.  I can hardly type this.  I have two cuts on the end of each middle finger, from something sharp under the dishwasher. I was sweeping out underneath for putting in the tile, and encountered something that gave me what amounts to a large paper cut. Twice.  I’m going to buy the rest of the tiles today, but I’m not sure if I will finish the job. My hands are the most sore, I doubt I can work the utility knife well enough.  8:59 a.m. Decided not to buy the tiles today. It’s snowing again. And while there is probably a window of safe driving conditions, I simply cannot face going out into the cold and cleaning off my car, and then a 20 minute drive to the store.  So I’m going to stay home and get in an hour on the glider. I haven’t been exercising enough recently, and I need to stretch out all my muscles after yesterday. Maybe I can also clean up the house a bit.  We’ve got the stove back in place, so we can cook (yay) but the frig is still in the drawing room.   9:30 a.m.  25 minutes on the glider, and my feet are in agony. These new tennis shoes don’t seem to be working out well.  I can’t tell if they’re going to feel better when they’re broken in a little. Whatever, I’m going to have to put on my old shoes to finish gliding — I can’t do any more with this going on.  9:51 a.m. 40 minutes. Can I stand another 20?  Oh, I so want to let myself off the hook, but I keep thinking how good I will feel if I do 60.  I guess I just need a little break between sets. Watching the new Dr. Phil Dysfunctional Family. My god those people are fucked up. Way more than the first family.  It makes me feel a lot better about my own life and marriage.  Whatever little issues we have, I never have to feel that Bucko is working against me or that he wants anything other than the best for me.    10:28.  OK. 60 minutes. I’m beat.  Here’s some positive news — when I woke up this morning and found that I was fairly stiff and sore (big surprise) I noticed that I had no problem walking down the stairs.  That used to be a big deal for me, even on an average day I had to clutch the banister and be very cautious.  Since I’ve been exercising I haven’t had problems with my heels, and the stairs are easier. Going up them is still difficult, but my knees are behaving better. So there’s some great progress, no matter what the pounds are.  12:08 p.m. I’ve decided to give myself the day off, to some extent. Not regarding food and exercise, regarding everything else.  I need a break. Having decided that, I have no idea what to do with myself. If I get bored I’ll want to eat. But I don’t have the energy to start any projects.  Maybe I can just sit and read, something I rarely do any more.