This is my account of our 20th anniversary trip to Tahiti. I always keep a diary during our major trips, because writing it down once and then later transcribing it fixes it in my memory so much better. I was also trying to track my food and exercise, at the beginning, but soon gave that up. I don’t know that this will be interesting to anyone else, but help yourselves.   Friday, March 5th.  Left the house at 4:15 a.m. Of course it was hard getting up so early, but I’m so excited I can’t stand it. Found the Park and Ride without too much trouble. The bus was coming just as we closed the trunk, so we sprinted to the stop and hopped on. Then a dull time in the airport waiting for our flight.  Flight 1209 to Cincinnati on time, 6:20 a.m. An aisle seat and a middle seat over the wing. A crazy guy in the seat ahead of us, fighting with the other two men in the row. Looks to be a four hour flight. Gah! I didn’t realize it would be so long. The movie is no good, not sure how I’ll stand the tedium.  A bad landing at Cincinnati. That is, the pilot did a great job, but there was a lot of wind and he was fighting it the whole way. Bucko shook his hand as we were leaving.  4:00 p.m. A hellish time at LAX, trying to find things — no signs! Great design, folks. And a long, long line to get into the terminal. But finally ensconced in our very cozy window seat in Tahiti Air Flight 1. We’re now 13 hours out from leaving the house this morning. Didn’t get a chance to eat at LAX airport like I thought we would — no time. I’m starving!  I brought a can of tuna and some stuff like that, but we haven’t had a second when we could sit down and eat it.  My new purse is disintegrating already. Damn you, Wal-mart.  Had a delicious dinner on the flight. I resisted the salad dressing, the bread and butter, and had only half the chocolate cake they served for dessert. All the announcements are in French, then English, and then only as we got close to Tahiti, in Polynesian.  I don’t understand much of the French at all, not a good omen. Had several glasses of wine, along with the quite good dinner it’s done wonders to revive my spirits. Bucko also is much happier. The flight attendants are dressed in pretty, brightly colored dresses, and they are curvalicious and beautiful.  Two hours 45 minutes to go and I don’t know how I will stand it. My legs are sore and my feet swollen. I can’t wait to stand upright for a while, or to lie down and put my feet up. Along with several other people, I’m standing in the aisle to stretch my legs. I figure it’s 10 p.m. our time, and we’ve been awake since 3 a.m., although it’s late afternoon here and the sun is out. My eyes are burning. Can’t sleep though, I’m too wired. The Pacific is incredible, a vast, vast blue with white clouds of every shape and size.  I never conceived of anything so infinitely large.  Thank god they came along and gave us more water and orange sherbet. For a few minutes there my heart was beating really fast and I felt awful. Probably just fatigue because I’m okay now.  Did I mention that as soon as you’re underway they bring everyone a flower? Apparently it’s a gardenia, and it smells BEAUTIFUL. The cloud cover has mostly broken up beneath us and the clouds are scattered cotton balls, lit with sun that is just starting to become a golden color.  6:39 p.m. Just saw an atoll!!!!!  Unbelievable!!  It’s getting too dark now to see anything; I’d hoped it would be light when we landed.  Landed in Papeete, a little bit scary because the landing strip is not very long. Terribly hot and humid when we disembarked, but the air smells lovely. Salt water and flowers and diesel. You walk across the tarmac into the airport building, then Immigration (show your passport), get your luggage, through Customs (nothing to declare — rien a declarer) and then the rep from Islands in the Sun gives you a lei, which smells beautiful but is also heavy, itchy, and hot around your neck, and sends everyone off into mini vans to the hotels. A young woman drove us, with an older couple going to another hotel. She drove FAST. Couldn’t see much of Papeete because it was dark, but we went along the main drag at the waterfront, which I was much excited to see.  I didn’t realize that the city is so HILLY; it’s only flat for a tiny bit near the water, then straight up into the hills.  Hotel Mandarin is everything I could ask for. On a city street, across from Papeete’s town hall. A small lobby with a handsome Tahitienne at the front desk. She understood my French! I am very self conscious about trying to speak it, but apparently a lot of people speak English anyway. The room is nothing extraordinary, but the balcony looks inland and we have the most wonderful view of Papeete without leaving our chairs. We made pretense of intending to walk down to the waterfront since it was Friday night, the big party night in Tahiti, but Bucko fell asleep while I was showering, and I soon followed. Slept well until about 4 a.m., and then kept checking the clock to see what time it was. Also kept looking out the window to see the lights of the town climbing up the mountainside. I can’t believe we’re here.  Saturday March 6  We were up and dressed at 6 a.m. Took a little walk around the block and found the market. Too early, people were still setting up. But lovely to see the buildings and all the many materials the sidewalks are made of. Saw a rat at the market, walking around as bold as anything. Also saw people sleeping on the sidewalks, just like in the Michener book, both sellers and buyers, waiting for the market to open.  Back to the hotel for breakfast. The woman spoke little English, so I had to stumble along in French. It worked! Up to the room for bug spray because I was already bitten. Then a circuitous walk to the waterfront. Saw the Paul Gaugin cruise ship in port. Bigger than I expected. No private yachts, though. Made our way back to the Market (no map, so we circled around a bit) where I bought three hand-dyed pareus for folks back home. Beautiful. Also we got two very ripe papayas, now in our little mini-bar fridge. In the downstairs, vendors sell fruit and fish and baskets; upstairs are pareus, jewelry, and the like. Also a tattoo place, which we are considering. The Polynesian people are so beautiful — there’s a lot of variety, because there’s much mixing of European and Chinese, but in general they are tall, with lovely skin and thick, wavy hair. Some of the girls are tiny, obviously mixed with Chinese, and they are incredible. The men are likewise gorgeous.  11:30 a.m. Back to the hotel for sunscreen, and for me to rest my feet, which ache abominably. I wore my new sandals, and of course am getting blisters. So I’m sitting here with my feet up, wrapped in cool washcloths (the water doesn’t get actually COLD here), looking at the fabulous view and writing this.   4:45 p.m. After the market, I put on my tennis shoes and we walked EVERYWHERE. Past the city hall, in circles downtown where we found the most amazing furniture store. Massive pieces, some very ornate, some in a Mission style. Then wandered uphill into the residential area. At a small grocery store we bought two sandwiches, two orange juices, and two beers for 930 francs. Sat on a nearby curb in the shade to eat. Were accosted by a young Tahitian who wanted either to sell us dope or buy our beer for a tenth its price. Not sure, he was stoned or something and finally we got up and left. Circled the block and lost him, so we continued on our way. All uphill and hot sun. Breezy now and then, but not enough! The houses are sort of oriental looking, many with garden walls surrounding. Windows and doors open to catch the breeze, and often a piece of fabric hung in the doorway to let the breeze through, instead of a door. Lots of kids walking, on bicycles, and on scooters. Limped back to the hotel around 2 p.m., my feet in great pain. But so glad I walked as far as I did. Unfortunately, I noticed that my shoulders and face burned and it is fairly severe. We napped for a couple hours, much needed. Bucko is still asleep as I write. I could sit and watch the light change on the peaks of Tahiti all day. The light here is beautiful — the air is so clear. Even when the distance is hazy with cloud, some part will be lit brilliantly with direct, pure light.  I have not seen anyone wearing a pareu yet. I suppose that is more common at the beach. The women here wear dresses and skirts, rather formal, only occasionally a young woman in shorts. The dresses are usually bright and form fitting. There has been activity at the city hall all day — some sort of tent pavilion and seating are set up in the garden. I suspect a wedding. I just saw a woman in a long white dress, but hard to tell what’s up from here.  And another thing: there are CHICKENS wandering around the yard right next to our hotel.  It is true, what I have always read, that twilight does not linger in the tropics. Fifteen minutes ago the sun lit the grass in the city hall lawn, like on a late summer afternoon, and now it is nearly dark.   9:30 p.m. Had a couple lovely Hinano on the balcony. A cool evening. Then walked to the waterfront — many food carts to choose from, and many people walking around eating and sight-seeing. We settled on Chez Roger and had Steak Frites avec Sauce Roquefort and Mahi Mahi Riz avec Sauce Poivre. Delicious. Then sat and listened to a band in the gazebo playing traditional music. Many families walking around with their kids, lots of Polynesians, not just tourists. Then on to Mano Rock Cafe, just across the street, for a pitcher of Hinano in the outdoor cafe. They played much current dance music. Also saw a girl in a pareu walk by, at last. The bathrooms were kind of funny — one door to get in, and then the women’s to the left, the men’s to the right, WITHOUT doors. So if you cared to, you could see the men at the urinals. Staggered the couple blocks back to the hotel. We passed a popular club, where the locals go, but decided to pass it up. There wasn’t anyone over 25 years old there, I don’t think we would really fit in.  Sunday, March 7  Woke up at 4:00, as usual. Can’t get back to sleep, it’s too noisy. Sunday morning is the big time for the market, from 5:00 to 7:00. There’s been a steady stream of car traffic, and also many people on foot, outside the hotel. Can’t tell if they are waiting for the market or late party goers returning home. A bit of both, I think. As last night, I have heard loud music from somewhere in the hotel all night.  7:30 a.m. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant again. I’m having cafe avec pain, et les fruits frais. This is coffee with a loaf of bread, about 9 inches long, butter, and a plate of watermelon and papaya. Bucko is having an omelet, bread, and tea. I’m happy my only ill effects from yesterday’s long walk are my sore feet. I’m not stiff or sore anywhere else. Now I am once again watching the clouds and light changing over Papeete. It’s everything I could have hoped for here — beautiful, squalid, full of energy, joyful, relaxed. There are many cars and scooters, which sound just like leaf blowers, and always people strolling the streets. Polynesians, Chinese, Europeans, and every mixture of these, so that there are so many beautiful, varied faces. Children are everywhere, and as often as not it is the father holding them and playing with them, which is very sweet. I see many mixed couples and mixed groups together. I have fallen in love with this place. Late this morning we leave for Huahine, and I don't want to go!  -----  5:00 p.m. How can I even begin to describe this day? Huahine is a revelation. I’ve never been to such a peaceful place. Our flight was uneventful. Bucko and I could not sit together, but it was only 30 minutes. I saw little of Huahine or Tahiti from the air, a great disappointment, but the glimpses were magnificent. Very quickly through the tiny airport, then a five minute van ride to the boat dock. The land reminded me of pictures I’ve seen of Barbados; very lush but not jungley. Through Fare, but couldn’t see much. There’s only two towns, Fare and Maeva. The dock is wonderful, we haven’t seen much water since we’ve been here — in Papeete, the harbor is a "working" port, so the water was pretty but not exceptional. Here the hotel shuttle dock is tiny, like something you’d see in a city park, but the water is incredible. Turquoise, completely clear, with many-colored fish. Also a couple Tahitian dogs that Bucko immediately made friends with. They probably speak French, but it was no handicap.  The Te Tiare hotel boat is quite small, but the drive is nice. You can’t quite see the hotel from the dock, it’s around the other side of the island. About a ten minute ride. When we arrived, a Polynesian guy on the dock blew a conch shell, and a girl came down and gave us leis, then we were led into the most wonderful lobby over the water and open to the air. Like an ultra luxurious Gilligan’s Island. I tried to pick up my suitcase on the boat, and they were horrified and snatched it away from me. It’s hard to get used to being waited on hand and foot. They gave us coconuts to drink, delicious. Then a pretty woman from the reception came over to us and checked us in. She was cute as a button, with many interesting tattoos. We followed the guy to our bungalow (lucky #13) and were awestruck by the grounds and the interior of the hut. A demi bottle of champagne was waiting for us, surrounded by gorgeous tropical flowers. We changed into cooler clothes and had lunch in the open air resort restaurant. Very expensive, and not notable food, but what a beautiful setting. The buildings are round, and on stilts over the water. The roof rises in the center, so the ceiling is very high inside. There are half-walls, about three feet tall, and then the sides are open to the roof. Apparently they don't have an insect problem, because there are no screens or glass or anything.  Then we had a little swim in the clear, warm water. The hotel has a small beach between the lobby/restaurant and the over water bungalows. It's makes kind of a protected little cove or bay. I’ve never been in ocean with no waves before, it’s incredible. You can just walk right out into the water. The only drawback is that there are a lot of rocks and coral, you have to watch where you’re walking. Which you can do, because it’s so clear. Now again we are ensconced on our porch, tired and happy. A Hinano from the minibar now, and room service later. We’re going for all-out luxury today. The grounds are so pretty, all kinds of plants I can’t identify, and many beautiful flowers that smell lovely. I suppose there’s a sort of fake "Disneyland" feeling to it, but I don’t care. You can’t fake that sky or that scent in the air.  Later. Not sure what time it is, I can’t see a clock anywhere. probably around 4 a.m., since that’s when I always wake up. Slept quite well but woke up a little squirrelly. Maybe the food was too salty. I’m standing in the closet writing this and there are tiny tiny ants running around on the counter. I don’t know what they could have found in here to attract them.  Monday, March 8  11 a.m. GLORIOUS morning. We went for a walk early, around 6 a.m., before breakfast or anything. Had the place to ourselves, except for the gardeners and girls picking flowers for the day’s leis. When the resort ran out we walked along the tiny beach. Found a little piece of coral for Marella and a shell for me. I'm keeping my out for something special for Daisy. Also found a dirt road, maybe 10 feet inland. Those ten feet put you in another world, it’s a JUNGLE. Eventually we encountered another resort, or possibly a private residence, so returned. Saw several loose chickens running around, apparently they are wild here. Leftover dinner for breakfast.  Snorkeling is PERFECT. It’s the most wonderful thing I’ve ever done. It’s indescribable, so I won’t even try. Now we will walk to the restaurant to have a drink while waiting for the next boat into town.  Later. Had a drink in the bar while waiting for the launch. Weirdly, martinis are one of the cheaper drinks here. Arrived in Fare about 12:15. This is a TINY town; the whole downtown is one block long, and it runs along the waterfront, of course. It was very very hot, but there are lots of large trees, with many birds in them, for shade. Had a little stroll and bought postcards in one of the two gift shops. Then had lunch from a roulotte, grilled chicken. The girl running the trailer didn’t understand English at all, so I had to limp along in French. It was funny because there was a French group sitting right next to us, and they all stopped their conversation and were very obviously listening to me. What’s the deal with that? I don’t know if I was just amusing as hell, or whether they were waiting politely to see if I got into enough trouble that they would intervene and help me out. And the flies were terrible! It was hard to eat without biting them.  Walked around the block into the residential area. Much like the neighborhood in Papeete, only flatter. Saw many young people in the back of pickup trucks - that seems to be a favorite mode of transportation, carrying around seven or eight kids in the truck. The houses are the same, very simple, with porches and patios. It seems like the living is done outdoors. Came all the way around back to the main drag, and stopped at Pension Guynette, where they have a covered patio. Had LARGE Hinanos, and chatted with the owner and her husband. She’s originally from New Jersey, but has been in the South Pacific for 27 years. He’s Polynesian, probably 20 years younger than she, a good looking guy with a shaved head and many tattoos. We asked her what people do around here for a living, and she said the islands are filling up with retired French civil servants. She said immigration to the islands is very difficult unless you’re rich. Apparently the French franc goes further here than the American dollar does.  On the way back we stopped at the grocery for provisions for dinner and beer. Cost - 3600 francs, but still cheaper than eating at the resort. I considered buying French tampons for Daisy's souvenir, but I was too miserly - they only had big boxes for about twelve American dollars. Sorry Daisy, love you, but not twelve dollars worth. Arrived at the boat dock at just the wrong time — had a 55 minute wait. But there are worse places in the world to spend 55 minutes than on a beautiful Polynesian island, sitting in the shade over the clear water! We saw three of those outrigger canoes, each with 6 rowers. They seemed to be training — one of the canoes had a guy who was acting like a coach. They went back and forth just at the mouth of the harbor. Also several sailboats anchored just outside.  5:00 p.m. We planned on more snorkeling when we got back to Te Tiare, but saw that my back is far too sunburned. Damn! Now we’re relaxing on the deck while the beer gets cold. The fridge isn’t all that frigid. My feet are doing much better.  Tuesday, March 9  4:00 a.m. Awake at 4, as always. Had a nice evening eating and drinking on our dock, then walked to the beach to see the stars. Fantastic. Even with the lights from the resort, they were so bright and so many compared to what we can see at home.  8:30 a.m. Planning on more snorkeling this a.m. I must wear a shirt to guard against more sunburn. Today a maintenance person is sanding the banisters of a nearby bungalow. He’s wearing a head-to-toe white coverall. I understand the filter mask, but not sure why the coverall. It rained hard last night but this morning is beautiful. We’ve been fortunate in the weather, considering it’s the tail-end of the rainy season. My feet are much better but I can still feel the effect of that first day. A little lizard scuttled into our room last night, and this morning I found half a cricket on the floor.   Later. Another day in paradise. Spent the morning snorkeling. The water is so clear and shallow, and no waves at all. You just walk into the water from the beach, watching where you’re stepping because there are lots of rocks and coral bits. It’s not a problem, though, because it’s so clear. Then when you’re deep enough to float, you put on your fins (which is kind of tricky) and then roll over onto your stomach and start floating. We were enraptured with the first few feet; many tiny fish, beautiful colors, but then when we got out to five or six feet, it was a whole new world. The water is bluer, and there’s many more fish. I can’t believe they were here the whole time we were swimming, but of course we couldn’t see them. About 30 yards out, where the restaurant and dock are, there is a sudden drop-off in the bottom, and all of a sudden you’re hanging in a cold blue void. It was breath-taking, beautiful and also frightening. Without anything to focus on, no reference, you’re just suspended in nowhere, in nothing. It must be what space is like. There were tiny little bits of something — I don’t know what, plankton? — rushing by like tiny confetti, so that gives the impression of great speed and is disorienting. There’s no distance and no scale, so they could be molecules or planets passing by. It’s like looking into a snowstorm, when the snowflakes are being driven by wind. I was afraid the whirling would coalesce into a recognizable shape, such as a SHARK, which made me freak out somewhat. I could only stay in that area for a minute.  Had leftovers for lunch, and drinks at the restaurant, and then into Fare for beer and dinner. Stopped again at Pensione Guynette and chatted. Saw two small freighters pull in to the harbor while we were sitting there. They carry passengers too, mostly on the deck. The woman (didn’t get her name) said she had made the trip once to Tahiti on the freighter and booked a cabin. Found out she was expected to share it with four other people, all men!  It was okay because she knew at least two of them, but I think she said she ended up sleeping on deck because it was actually more comfortable than a room with four guys. I can understand that. Had a great dinner at Snack Temarara. Grilled mahi-mahi and coconut tuna. Wish the hotel had that kind of food. Many locals eating there, I didn’t see anyone else who looked like a tourist.