7:14 a.m. Monday, Day 50. First day of WEEK EIGHT.  Ladies and gentlemen, that’s TWO MONTHS on a diet/exercise plan that I wasn’t sure I could maintain for two days.  And I want to point out that I think I may have lost more than the nominal 9.5 pounds.  My pants almost fell off me yesterday. As in, almost slid down my stomach, past my hips and butt, and onto the floor.  That’s progress. As always, I am hopeful that this week will go better than last week.  Last week was not bad, the numbers came out better than I expected each day. But I’m slacking a little bit with the exercise. I’ll work on that this week, but off to a bad start today with my glider buried in the dining room and no where to put it — the house is still torn apart.  Hoping to get the tile done today. It could happen.  The floor is levelled, so now I have to scrape off the ridges and prime it again. That will take 2-3 hours. Then I can start laying tile.  I’m a little nervous about that, because once they’re down, they’re down!  So I have to be careful to do it right.  I’ve figured out the center and where to start them, so that part is done.  It shouldn’t be difficult from here out, it’s just a little scary.  10:15 a.m.  Got the floor sanded and primed. So now in an hour or two, I can start laying tiles!  Not only am I anxious to see it done, I want my kitchen back. I can’t go another day eating fast food. Even that Wendy’s salad was a bit of a problem.  I’m obviously retaining water today, my face is all puffy, and it’s 2-3 days into my period, not the right time for that. Also I want to note that sanding the floor was a significant amount of exercise. Sure, it was all upper body, but I was sweating and my heart rate was up. So it counts.  I’m thinking about two things today: weight loss surgery and the stereotype of the jolly fat person.  That stereotype still exists, though I don’t think it’s all that strong anymore.  I’m wondering where it came from, and it occurs to me that probably in earlier eras, when plentiful and nutritious food was harder to come by, maybe fatness was seen as a positive, an asset. Maybe fat people were assumed to be jolly because they were in fact happy. They had attained an enviable degree of material success, and the evidence of it (the weight) was not despised either as a symbol or as itself. What’s not to be jolly about?  Now weight loss surgery... what the hell is with WLS?  It’s all I see on television these days, especially on the so-called Discovery Health Channel, which should be renamed the One-Continuous-Commercial-For-WLS Channel.  I admit up front that I don't know enough detail about WLS to have an informed opinion about it. But I have a bunch of questions.  In addition to the ethics of the issue, there are a couple things I don’t understand about WLS.  It seems that the traditional surgery is to reduce the size of the stomach until it’s tiny — I guess there’s a couple ways to do that.  The person then can eat very little, and rapid weight loss ensues. My questions are: what happens after the person loses all the weight?  And they can still only eat 500 calories a day?  Do they starve to death?  During the diet, how do they absorb enough nutrients? Contrary to popular myth, you can’t survive indefinitely on fat stores. Doesn’t such rapid weight loss put as much, or more, stress on the body as being fat?  Wouldn’t it be smarter to achieve a much slower weight loss, the traditional one to two pounds a week?  Is this surgery actually enabling weight loss, or is it simply enhancing the SPEED of weight loss?  I guess I can understand a doctor saying, You MUST lose this weight or you are going to die.  But I don’t understand WLS as the solution. If the person’s health is in jeopardy, then the stress of a major surgery and then the rapid weight loss is too dangerous to subject them to.  Surely starting a moderate diet and exercise program will do more for their overall health, starting immediately, than a surgical solution that actually jeopardizes their health for some period of time (not sure how long recovery period is). At any rate, there’s no way I’m even remotely interested in WLS, and I fit the criteria for getting it. Do you people realize I need to lose 152 pounds to fit my so-called normal weight?  And a slightly less shocking 110 pounds to fit my goal weight?  As they say, that’s a whole other person. That’s a serious undertaking, but there is just no way I would consider WLS. I might be very fat right now, but I’m also very healthy. My only health concerns are the greater RISKS involved — I don’t have anything wrong with me right now.  12:57 p.m.  I have a couple rows of tile down — it looks great. My knees are killing me! It’s a bit tricky to keep them straight (the tiles). The tiniest deviation shows up. Trying to do my time card right now while I eat lunch. That damn server so slow, it takes me about 20 minutes to open and sign. Feh.  5:58 p.m. Well. The floor is nearly done.  I am about 16 tiles short, so it will have to wait until tomorrow when I can run to Home Depot.  I haven’t the energy to do it now.  I am EXHAUSTED.  My whole body is sore, and my knees in particular are suffering. Not just from the getting up and down, but the kneeling on them. Also my wrists and fingers, from cutting and holding myself up on one hand while kneeling.  I am going to be sorry tomorrow!  I can’t tell how much exercise this was, because although I am sore as hell, it’s not the same kind of sore as from weightlifting or gliding. It’s more injury-sore than exercise-sore.  I took a couple aspirins, and ate a quarter-can of soup. I am ravenous, and Bucko will not be home with dinner for at least an hour. Another night of no-cooking; he wants to leave the applicances alone until tomorrow morning, so the tiles have time to “set.”  We’re having Quiznos, so it won’t be a low calorie day for me.  It just occured to me that I should use Bucko’s ice-water thing from his knee surgery. Unfortunately, we don’t have any ice! The freezer water is disconnected. I just put in an old fashioned ice cube tray, hope it doesn’t take long.  Now I’m going to get a nice book from upstairs, assuming I can get up the stairs, and sit with frozen peas on my knees. Ah, I am a poet.