8:27 a.m. Sunday, Day 49.  Not very good numbers yesterday, hope to do better today.  The kitchen is all torn apart, so unfortunately we’ll be relying on restaurant and fast food at least for today, and possibly Monday.  We got about half of the bad spot cut out of the floor. It’s very slow going, that RotoZip tool is not beefy.  However, so far it’s looking like we’ll be able to replace the floorboard in a small area and be done with it (keeping my fingers crossed).  I truly hope to get all the priming done today. In a perfect world, we’d get to the tiling also, but I know that is unlikely...  So I slept poorly last night.  I felt a little oversalted again.  I suppose it could have been the pizza, but I ate that so early in the day I wouldn’t suspect it as the main culprit. Perhaps the french fries, then.  I haven’t eaten something like that for quite a long time either. Anyway, I was very restless and waking up every 30 minutes or so.  Got a couple solid hours at the end, so I’m not doing too badly today. Must make sure to drink enough water, though.  9:42 a.m. Tick tick tick.  1:14 p.m.  We’ve got the bad piece out, and a new subfloor piece in!  Now it’s a matter of finessing the 1/4” top layer — a lot of sanding and chiseling to make it level with the existing floor. Oh, we’re so close, so close.  What a giant pain in the ass it’s been.  Bucko is working like a dog, and I take back all the ungracious thoughts I had. We’re both feeling happier now that the gaping hole is covered. And by the way, of course we found more extensive rot in the sill joist or whatever it’s called, but that’s a problem for another day.  My plan right now is to get this damned thing done, send Bucko to the store for provisions (possible snow tonight) while I re-clean and prime the floor. I don’t know how much I’ll be able to get done today, at a minimum I wanted to have it primed, levelled, and primed, ready for tiling tomorrow. In a best case scenario, we could get enough tile laid tonight to put the stove back in. That would make a huge difference in our living arrangements for the next few days.  It’s a little frustrating right now, because there’s nothing I can do while Bucko is tweaking the last layer.  I can’t clean the floor or start priming or anything like that.  I’ve put away as many of the tools as possible, but that’s about the extent of it.  Man, I can’t believe how long this has taken to do.  We’ve got about 13 hours in it right now, of which probably 8 are simply dealing with the hole.