7:44 a.m. Saturday, Day 48.  Let me tell you, that pizza wasn’t worth it.  It sucked, and it was massively oversalted, which I can really feel today.  Dammit, when I splurge on some greasy tasty calories, I want it to be good!  What a disappointment.  I feel like crap today, from the salt and also from the wine.  A sad result from my high-calorie day. Sad.  We’re planning on doing the kitchen floor today. That will be a huge amount of work, but I’m really looking forward to it. Bucko is less enthusiastic  Reading the Skinny Daily Post as usual this morning.  I have gotten a lot of good tips from her page.  9:57 a.m. We’ve got the kitchen emptied out, and Bucko has gone upstairs to get dressed before we move the stove and frig. So it’s going a little better than I expected, but slowly.  I had dreams of finishing the whole job today, and I don’t think that will happen.  I am famished already, no doubt due to the empty alcohol carbs, and have eaten two pieces of the foul pizza.  Bucko ate the other two. So at least it’s out of our lives now and we can move on. It will be hard for me to have a low-cal day with such a bad start, but at least I will be getting LOTS of exercise today and need the sustenance.  12:07 p.m.  It took all this time to get the appliances out, and now we’re removing the moldings. Then the cleaning of the floor. Then the priming. Then the leveller coat. Then another priming. THEN we could do the tile. So I think we’ll be tiling tomorrow.  Then it will be Monday, and Bucko will go back to work, and we’ll have stuff strewn all over the house and no moldings or baseboards in the kitchen. See, home improvement projects ARE fun.  6:48 p.m. No, homeowner projects are NOT fun. We found an area of completely rotten floorboard. It’s like dust.  We have to replace it, if anyone stepped on it their foot would go through. So had to run down to Marella’s (40 minute trip) to get Jaeger’s RotoThing tool, chat with them (30 minutes), come home (40 minutes), pick up spare bits and plywood at HomeDepot (20 minutes), come home and fuck around with testing the tool and making tiny baby cuts in the floorboard (1 hour).  So now it’s almost 7:00 p.m., and all we have accomplished is to make one small useless hole in the floor.  Do I sound crabby?