6:32 a.m. Friday, Day 47.  Had great numbers yesterday.  I keep trying to remember if I didn’t eat more than that, but I can’t think of anything. Excellent. Also managed another 10 minutes on the glider in the afternoon.  Feeling OK this morning. I got up a little early, maybe, but I slept a lot better than the previous night.    I think I have accidentally done some things right on this diet.  I was watching that woman (country singer?) on Oprah having a trainer and chef figure out her diet plan, and for the first month they just wanted her to start exercising and get her metabolism up before she started dieting.  I inadvertently did that myself — I started exercising every day, on the stair stepper, back in December or November, I don’t remember exactly.  I didn’t diet until December 29.  Today I need to paint the red wall by the office (so the painters won’t have to give it several coats), clean out the baker’s rack so we can remove it from the kitchen so we can put the new floor down, do the bills so I can transfer money into checking, and something else that I’ve already forgotten. No, wait — it’s that I need to take “before” photos of myself. Like in a swimming suit. Oh yeah, that’ll be fun.  I’m also two days away from remeasuring my various parts with the tape measure. Hoping to see progress there.  Other things, if I have time:  - sort through binders on office shelf and discard or consolidate.  - clean off shelves in dining room.  - remove curtains on plant shelf.  - hang curtains in office door.  9:26 a.m. Did 30 minutes on the glider, and five of that with the resistance set at the lowest. Holy cow, I could hardly move my legs.  It’s good, though, because it will help with muscle building, not just cardio.  1:08 p.m. I got a bunch of stuff done — painted the office door, cleaned off the shelves and moved the baker’s rack stuff there, packed the stuff in the baker’s rack, cleaned and packed a bunch of tchochkies (NO idea how to spell that)... I’m tired but happy.  3:44 p.m. I tried to take my Before pictures, but couldn’t figure out how to put the camera on timer or remote control.  The whole experience was kind of disturbing. Not the camera, me.  I put on my black swimming suit from a couple years ago, and was so sad at how fat I am.  I look fatter than I’ve ever been.  I don’t know if I really DO look fatter, or if my perception of myself has changed, or what.  It might be that I’m really looking at myself now, or it might be that I expected a much thinner person.  It might be that I’m getting saggier because I’ve lost weight. I don’t know, but it sucks.  At least, however, I know I’ll still be plenty fat when I do get the photos taken!  Here’s another unrelated item. I think I have been slightly overestimating my martinis. I made one and then poured it into the measuring cup. It’s the tiniest bit over a 1/4 cup, which would make it less than 3 ounces.  A cup is 8 ounces, right? Half of that is 4 ounces. A quarter of that is 2 ounces. Add a touch more, and you get 3 ounces. 3 ounces times 65 calories an ounce is 195. With three olives is 18 calories.  So 213 total. Take off a smoosh for the “not quite” three ounces, and you get a nice round 200 cals. That’s what I’m going with.  And in very related news, I am definitely allergic to vodka.  One drink and my nose is stuffed up.  6:22 p.m. Having pizza tonight!!! Can’t wait.  Two 10-inch pizzas, I’ll figure out the calories tomorrow.  Going to be high, but I feel like splurging. Also Daisy called. So good to hear from her. I miss her terribly, I’ve felt completely unanchored since she left.