7:15 a.m. Thursday, Day 46.  Didn’t sleep well last night.  I woke up around 1:00, and was awake until at least 2:30, and had all kinds of squirrely work thoughts.  I think it was from eating the red grapes right before bed. I shouldn’t eat before bedtime anyway, and maybe all the sugars weirded me out.  So yesterday wasn’t too bad, I came in pretty low. Good, to help balance Tuesday. I’m glad I decided on that high-low pattern, because now when I have a large day I don’t feel so horrible, I just think “have a low day to balance it.” Today is the lecture on abstract art, and we might have snow.  So far it’s rain, but they’re saying it will turn to snow eventually. Plus I’m supposed to go to work today. Feh.  7:35 a.m. It’s snowing. Hard.  7:48 a.m. Now it’s sleet. Whatever.  One of the things I woke up thinking about this morning is my fear that I’m not still losing weight.  I haven’t been able to get a really definite milestone. The Measurement Pants are cursed, and my next session with the measuring tape isn’t for another four days.  And the funny part: I don’t really feel like I’m dieting anymore.  I have adjusted to this, and it seems normal.  Oh, now and then it seems like a great deprivation, when I’m craving something greasy and salty and oily. But those cravings go away in a couple minutes. So now I feel like I won’t lose weight because I’m not dieting anymore. But I’m NOT eager to start eating less food to “feel” like I’m dieting!   I also want to write about why I think this will work This Time.  Daisy asked me that, and I wasn’t sure I had an answer. I realize it’s several things, in no particular order:  1. I am being brutally honest with my food intake, and also simply accepting the fact that I will have to eat less to lose weight. In previous attempts, it’s not so much that I swept a lot of hidden calories under the carpet, but I really felt I wasn’t eating too much, so I wasn’t terribly concerned about a few calories here and there falling off the record.  And I still say, No, I wasn’t eating “too much.” Not by any reasonable standards. But dieting for weight loss is not a reasonable standard, and this time around I’m willing to do whatever fucked up thing I have to.  2. My level of stress is MUCH lower. I rarely go in to the office any more, and that reduces about 98% of all the stress I experience.  Less stress equals better hormone chemistry, which equals less retention of weight. Less stress equals greater ability to stay on a diet and exercise program. When you’re super-stressed, it’s just too much to add on deprivation and punishment, which is probably how I will always view diet and exercise.  3. I have a much better body image than I used to, believe it or not. I simply no longer hate myself for being fat. I hate BEING fat, but I don’t hate myself for it. It’s not my fault.  I’m not evil, stupid, lazy, gross, characterless, despicable, whatever because I’m fat.  Neither am I viewing myself as a victim — I DO take responsibility, but not blame, for being fat and for changing it.  4. In a more concrete aspect, I am drinking a lot of water and exercising much more consistently. Longer workouts, harder workouts. I have always tended to cheat on exercise because I hate it, much more than I ever cheated on food, and this time I’m not letting myself off the hook.  8:30 a.m. I can tell this isn’t going to be a wonderful day for me.  I don’t think I’m going to exercise this morning, I don’t have time. Well, let me amend that to 10 minutes on the glider, which is better than nothing, but that might be all I get done today.  I’m just feeling a bit under from the lack of sleep, and I need to get out to the museum a little early because of the potential snow. Yes, and this is minutes after I wrote that I don’t let myself off the hook with exercise. Hee. But I want points for putting in my 10 minutes when I really really really don’t feel like doing it.  9:16 a.m. OK, I guilted myself into 20 minutes on the glider. Yay for me.  3:10 p.m. I picked up a little sushi dish at the supermarket on the way home from stupid work, and it was delicious. It’s cold and gray out, but fortunately no snow. I am glad to be home and cozy. Daisy sent me an email so now I am happy.  Making my own southwestern chicken soup this afternoon. There are five of my standard bowls in the whole batch, so that would be, per serving: 1 bowl homemade soup:	171	calories; 9 grams protein;	129.4	carbs; 2.9	fat; 4.4 fiber.  I’m a bit disappointed with the high calories, but I have to suppose it’s because my soup has less water than the canned soups.  There is much more solid food in it.  I guess I could water it down a little. Nah.  Here’s another little hint I read today: drink hot beverages between meals to keep hunger down. Especially green tea.  5:57 p.m. Here’s some interesting news.  When I tried on the Measurement Pants this morning, I ALMOST decided to wear them today. Yes, I’m that close. They’re still too tight across my lower stomach, but if I wore a long shirt they’d be OK. I decided not to because I didn’t want to stretch them out and thus lose their Measuring properties.  Also because whenever I finally see Daisy I want to wear them in victory. So we are making slow but sure progress there.  Then, for further amusement, I just now decided to go try on all the pants in my closet. Here’s what I found: I fit into all the size 24 pants with no problem at all (excluding cursed Measurement Pants) AND I ALSO fit into all the 22s.  They were slightly snug but not unwearable. You know what that means. It means I’m probably a size 22 now, or very close to it.  I was going to go to Walmart tomorrow and buy the next size smaller jeans from last time, which would be a 24, but now I’m thinking I might buy a 22.  If it doesn’t fit immediately, it will soon.  Also, I now have new Measurement Shorts.  These are shorts I fit into (barely) seven years ago when we went to Disney World. They are size 20.  Now I can’t even get them closed. Not even if I laid on my back and exhaled.  I pulled them as close as I could without really squeezing my stomach and measured the gap between button and buttonhole.  It’s six inches. Now, everyone remember that, because in the coming months when I complain about how I’m not fitting into those pants, we will be able to measure the Gap. These are not stretchy pants, so if that gap lessens, then I’m losing weight.