6:42 a.m. Wednesday Day 45.  Before anyone says anything to me about the huge amount I drank yesterday, I want to say two things: 1) I know. I KNOW. 2) at least it was over many hours. All the wine was in the afternoon.  I have a novel new theory today.  I think I might be allergic to alcohol. Heh.  But really, I think I might be.  For this theory, I have three supporting arguments. 1) When I drink, my nose gets stuffed up. 2). They say you crave things you’re allergic to. 3). A food allergy can account for the bloated stomach, and alcohol’s one of the only things I’ve had regularly enough to be a candidate for allergy. So it’s not that crazy a theory. What I’m going to DO about it is a whole different question.  Today I am also thinking about the idea of eating my main meal at lunch.  That will be a little hard to work, because I generally cook dinner for Bucko and myself, and that’s where I spend the time in the kitchen. I don’t want to do that twice a day. Perhaps I can keep the same meal times, but make the change in portion size. An idea, I keep it on ice for now.  9:39 a.m. I am annoyed with the Boca Burger.  I didn’t check the numbers on the “chicken” version, and it’s TWICE what the “hamburger” version is.  I needed to supplement my soup this morning, since I ate some of it yesterday afternoon, and I thought a Boca would be good. Damn! I’m already a hundred calories more than usual.  Did 30 minutes on the glider interspersed with 5 minute bursts of weight lifting. Very exhausting. Wore my new shoes, and I need to break them in, they weren’t entirely comfortable. Also, told Bucko about my diet last night. In great detail. I couldn’t shut up. Yes, I’ve turned into a fanatic.  11:39 a.m. I’m waiting for the paint guy to come and give us an estimate, and I feel at loose ends. Not sure what I’m going to do today. Maybe paint the entrance to the office — it’s such a dark red they would have to do several coats to cover it. It will be cheaper if I do that myself.  It’s supposed to snow 2-4 inches tomorrow, which sucks ass because it’s the lecture on Abstract art at the museum.  I don’t want to miss that, but no way am I driving around in snow. Feeling a bit peckish, because of boredom, so I had some pickles and a breath mint. Yum.  I don’t record the pickles because they are basically zero calories. My ring is much looser today — I guess I’ve stopped retaining water. Also it’s cold today, that always makes my fingers shrink. Or maybe I’ve lost more weight. I am thrilled with being able to pull my pants down without unbuttoning them, so I do it constantly. At home. Only at home.  3:09 p.m. I made new sugar this afternoon and sugared my legs. I tried Marella’s suggestion of spreading it on the cloth, not on my skin, and it worked pretty well. Next time, I will try spreading it while hotter (and thinner), letting it cool a bit and then putting it on my legs.   Here is a post about Syndrome X and PCOS. http://skinnydaily.blogspot.com/2003_03_19_skinnydaily_archive.html