7:18 a.m. Tuesday, Day 44.  I wonder if/when I will stop numbering the days like that. Maybe never, it’s kind of interesting to see “where I am.” Now that I’m realizing this isn’t going to stop after two months, I even more want to know how many days it’s been, because it will feel less like floating in a huge formless void of food deprivation.  On reflection, I have to say I haven’t been feeling deprived lately.  I have two reasons for that: 1) I’m getting used to this diet and 2) I’m eating a little bit more than I did the first two weeks. Which tells me I need to put more effort into maintaining the mindset. Last night it was very hard to have only one serving of salmon, and I almost succumbed to snacking. I felt a little hungry or maybe bored after dinner, and I had a tough time explaining to myself that I couldn’t really be hungry right after eating that much food. So I drank some water, which is my usual weapon, and it did work. It was kind of a close call, though, because it was a craving for that mindless eating for entertainment and sensory input. That’s a behavior I can’t afford to fall into.  I’ve still been good with maintaining my [offline] charts. There’s one day (Sunday) that I ate three Ritz crackers and didn’t put them in.  It’s not that I’m hiding it, but I swear I just didn’t have the energy to refigure all my numbers for the week. So I’m letting myself have that one.  I might eventually go back and recalculate.  Felt very cold last night in bed, I had to get two extra blankets. I read in Skinny Daily Post that you will feel colder as you lose weight. I wouldn’t have thought I’ve lost enough for that to happen, but on the other hand I may have lost a lot of FAT if not pounds, and that would have an effect. Either that or it’s for some completely different reason!  Here’s what I would like to do, in my pretend-perfect world.  Have the patience to get through Week 8. Visit Daisy’s house and weigh myself. Find that I’ve lost another ten pounds. Go out and purchase my own scale. Be patient enough to use it no more than once a week. Be able to track my weight and thus my goals and rewards. Because I’m really feeling the need to reward myself, and yet I haven’t even reached my first goal (fitting into the Measurement Pants).  I know I have lost weight, but apparently those pants have some kind of curse on them wherein no matter how much I lose they will always be too tight across the belly.  A piece of good news: I notice I’m not having that double-boob situation with my bras anymore. You know, when the cup isn’t quite big enough and you sort of blob out over the top. Yep, the boobs are always the first to go. Maybe I’ll be able to fit into that 2x sport top I bought a couple years ago. THAT would be nice.  I’m not using any tops for Measurement Garments because I don’t think it will be at all accurate — as I gain and lose weight, the boobs kind of change position on my body, and thus chest measurements are useless.  I’m a bit sore today from TotalGym yesterday, so that’s good. I think I am concentrating too much on upper body, but with my bad knees it’s very difficult to do any lower body work.   9:30 a.m. Just did a stint on the glider and then immediately ate a second breakfast of salmon and snow peas. Which were supposed to be for my lunch.  I don’t know what happened, but suddenly I was RAVENOUS. Not like peckish or bored-hungry, but seriously starved and drained of energy.  Not sure what’s behind that, but I’m going to listen to what my body is saying (EAT EAT EAT) and accept it.  I didn’t feel like I wanted to binge on candy or chips or something like that, so I’m going to assume it was a legitimate message from my body saying “I need more fuel.”  I should now be approaching the Period, and if I am not mistaken, last month I was quite hungry then. So that might be a normal part of my rhythm; I might need more food the week before.  12:24 p.m. Well, I had quite the wonderful morning. Finally went to the Wide Shoe Warehouse, and every single shoe in there fit me. I had to limit myself to four pairs — three for vacation and one exercise shoe. It was WONDERFUL. Oh yeah, and I spent $230.  I suppose some people might not consider that a lot, but I have never spent that much on mere shoes before. Heck, I have never spent that much on CLOTHES before. THEN I went to Target and bought TWO little nighties for vacation, and a new suitcase. $68. Then I made myself go home before I spent more.  I am sort of horrified by how I look in the sexy nighties, but believe it or not, I am (at least at the moment) mature and smart enough to say “You know what? It doesn’t matter how YOU think you look. Your husband will think you look MARVELOUS and that will carry the day.” And he will. He’s wonderful. Oh and then some perverse instinct made me try on the Measurement Pants, and I do believe they are the tiniest little bit looser. Oh yeah. I’m having a glass of wine to celebrate. That’s my rationale, and I’m sticking to it.  5:09 p.m. Just finished the daily conference call. What a pain.  Oh well, it’s a billable hour.  I just now got hungry, so I had a little bit more soup.  I was a bit worried about eating my lunch at 9:30 in the morning, but apparently it tided me over quite well. Found an interesting neighborhood today, must show Bucko this weekend.