7:17 a.m. Monday, Day 43.  First day of Week Seven.  I have GOT TO do something about my back.  I wake up every night around three, and toss and turn after that, trying to get comfortable.  I switch from one side to the other every 15 minutes.  I can’t sleep on my back, because my throat closes and I can’t breath. I haven’t been able to sleep on my stomach for a long time, because it hurts. Presumably putting too much pressure on something. I wake up with my neck, shoulders, and upper back burning.  I don’t know whether it has anything to do with the bed or pillows. That’s what I always suspected, but then I read somewhere that it’s what you do during the day that causes back pain at night, not the bed. I dunno.  Maybe it’s all this sitting at the computer.  I’m feeling rather uninspired today.  It’s those damned Measurement Pants. I just don’t seem to be making any progress, but I can’t tell. I took a few measurements yesterday, so I have something else to track. I wish I had done this six weeks ago. Anyway, I don’t know if they’re the typical measurements, but I wanted to measure a place I’m fairly certain I can find again accurately. Like I don’t have much luck measuring my waist — I can’t tell where to put the tape.   I guess I’m also feeling a bit guilty or something for my high calories the past few days.  I need to get over that.  Because I still came in under oppw, and besides I had already decided that it was good to mix up the days. High, low, etc. So I’m doing my usual daily reading of wl blogs, and that helps.   9:46 a.m. Did 15-20 minutes on the TotalGym, and then 30 on the glider.  It makes me a little nervous to not do an hour of gliding, but I can’t manage it after weights. And I can’t ignore that it’s important I do weight training.  So I hope I’m achieving a good balance.  I haven’t varied my workouts as much as I keep saying I will, but have managed to incorporate more weights and the occasional Cindy Crawford.  I want to give myself some appreciation and congratulations this morning and hopefully life my attitude a bit.  I have made such a giant change from six weeks ago.  For instance, I haven’t touched butter once since then. I haven’t eaten any ice cream or Goodberry’s.  I’ve had about a tablespoon of sour cream. Very little cheese.  I’ve had chocolate twice, and in very small quantity.  I sent the bulk of pistachios to work with Bucko when I found they weren’t working out for me.  And most of all, I’ve exercised every day for about three months. That’s HUGE.  I know I have lost weight, it’s undeniable.  I waver about how much I’ve lost, but that’s a detail.  The hell with the Measurement Pants.  When I look in the mirror I can see that I’m thinner. My face is different. My ring fits.  I just have to keep going, and mix up the exercise a bit more. The rest will follow.  4:08 p.m. Haven’t been writing in here much today because I’ve been out a lot and on the phone. Bought the vinyl tiles for the kitchen floor today — they’re gorgeous.  5:17 p.m. Good news bad news. Bad: I’ve drank three glasses of wine on a nondrinking night. Good news: my pants are falling down. Not quite off my body, but they’re sagging down terribly. And I’m tripping over them, because they’re too long now. Hee.  I decided to go back and read Day One. What a difference from then. This thing has been hard to do, there’s no denying that, but it’s sort of funny how trepidatious I was.  6:35 p.m. I need to make a little note to myself here, and I need to read it and BELIEVE it tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. This is the second day in a row that I’ve had fish with soy sauce. It’s salty.  I’m going to retain water. I’m going to be puffy and swollen, and my measurements aren’t real. So no Measurement Pants, no ring, none of those games. And by the way — we’re moving into Bloat Days anyway. So don’t be trying on clothes until AFTER. Okay?  Just remember this, to tide you along: today you pulled your pants all the way down without unbuttoning them. Yes.