6:58 a.m. Saturday Day 41.  I just realized there’s only 15 days left in my Two Month trial period. Now that I’ve had a taste of the scale at Daisy’s, I wish I knew my exact starting weight.  I would so love to think that I’ve lost 15 pounds. Hee hee.  Not likely, but I’m pretty sure I’ve lost ten.  I don’t know if I should start over my estimates assuming a weight of 240.  Probably not, since it’s not verified.  I guess I could drop in at the doctor and ask to be weighed, but that doesn’t appeal to me. I’m so PRIVATE about this, if not secretive. The only person I’ve told is Daisy. I guess I kind of want to have a sudden transformation, a real fairy-tale experience, where I drop the fat clothes and step forth all radiant in my new body. Like no one is going to notice up until that point.  Have no idea if Bucko has noticed. He knows we’re eating differently, but I’ve told him it’s because HE’s too fat, and I think maybe he bought it.  Or he’s letting me have my little secret.  He’s so sweet.  I’m still resisting buying a scale because I don’t want to check it three times a day, and I know I would.  OK, let’s go back to clothing sizes and forget about the weight.  Whenever I’m next at Daisy’s I can use her scale to see if I weigh less than the previous time, whatever the particular number is.  I’m starting to get a little tired of soup for breakfast, so I’m cruising through my journal looking for something with about the same calories that would be enough food, and I can’t find anything. The soup is a really good value. It’s filling, for being so much water.  Guess I’ll stick with it, at least for today.  I’m planning on grocery shopping this morning, so I could pick up something else, but I don’t know what.  Been reading the skinny daily post, and she is stressing the importance of keeping a journal. Well, can’t argue with that. But she says to record not only your food and exercise, but your weight and how you feel that day.  So when you run into a similar sitch you can look back through your records and determine how best to deal with it.  It’s a good idea, and I have already used my journal as a reference. Just not at that level.  9:18 a.m. Feeling very cranky earlier, but calmer now. Probably it was the Quiznos sub. We’re going to shop, take the videos back, etc. Hopefully clean out the garage today. Here’s something that’s been kind of disturbing me — I’m having a hard time sleeping lately because my back hurts, and I can’t get comfortable in bed.  That’s something that usually happens when I GAIN weight. Why is it happening now?  I thought as I lost weight I would become more comfortable, not less. In good news, I tried the Measurement Pants again this morning, and found that while they are still too tight to wear, I am able to button them without much struggle.  They’re too tight in the lower belly, not around my waist.  I think that’s why I couldn’t wear them back when they were nominally my size — they just don’t fit my body right. Because the waist is OK, the behind is OK, but they’re too tight across my lower stomach.  I am annoyed that I’m not seeing more progress with them.  How am I going to tell if I’m losing weight?  It is NOT okay with me to lose a quarter of a pound a week. I’m afraid I really will have to buy a scale.