7:42 a.m. Friday, Day 40.  So, yesterday. Unbelievable. When I added up my totals, I got 981 calories. Yeah, 981.  I thought, that can’t be right. I must be missing something. No, I wrote down everything I ate.  Then I must be underestimating something. Well, no I used the numbers right from the book and the labels. OK, I’ll increase my estimate of how much olive oil I used. And the artichokes. And still, only 1,061.  Incredible!  What a way to eat. I don’t know why people eat those stupid frozen dinners. You get a tiny block of food, which may be tasty because they’re better than they used to be, but it’s got sugar and salt in it, and half of it’s gravy. Really, the turkey dinner I got was 10 ounces, and I’d estimate 4-5 ounces was gravy. Which you can only eat with a spoon, or sop it up with some bread. Which I didn’t.  I ought to take off half the calories in my chart, because I only got 5 ounces of food.  Anyway, I only ate around a thousand calories, and it was all delicious food. Very happy with it. And for a nice bonus, we’re actually spending less on food than in previous months. For a few reasons — not eating out very often, Bucko is not buying lunch out as often, we’re eating less food, and we’re throwing less away. Before we’d be too tired or lazy to cook, and food would go bad, and we’d throw it away. Bad.  Reading about something called “the Wendie Plan”, a modifed Weight Watchers thing.  The gist is to vary your daily calories throughout the week, so as to shake up your metabolism and break a plateau.  I don’t use points, but I think it sounds like a good idea, I can adapt it to calories.  I think this might be worth considering.  I think I’ve already plateaued. I’m not making any more progress with the Measurement Pants.  So perhaps it would be good to shake things up a bit. AND change my exercise routine. I absolutely must incorporate more strength training.  I did little weights yesterday so I’m not going to do it again today, but maybe I will do something besides glide. The Cindy Crawford workout, or belly dance.   I don’t eat exactly the same amount every day, so that’s good, but I think I do need to make some bigger spikes.  Probably Monday would be good for the low spike. It’s not a drinking day, and I can get it over with early in the week. But instead of my big day midweek, I probably want it to be Friday or Saturday. I mean, those are going to be big anyway.  I do want to introduce the concept of varying amounts of calories over the course of the week or month. Something the person said on the website is that it doesn’t make a difference what you eat in a single meal. It makes a difference what you eat over 21 days. So that’s another good reason to not freak out at one or two days over the goal calories. As long as you get back on, it probably does better in the long run.  9:58 a.m. Did 20 minutes of Cindy Crawford, and then 10 minutes of glider. That’s all I could manage!  Maybe I’ll be able to do more this afternoon. And before I forget, I’m going to go start the timer for my water right now. I didn’t drink enough yesterday.  11:02 a.m. Here’s a couple interesting things:  I think the Measurement Pants are a tiny bit looser today. And also, my face looks different. And thirdly, I’m sick of water. Bleh.  2:22 p.m. I have been in a two-hour conference call and I am exhausted! And cold and hungry.  God, what a waste of time.  Anyway, here’s my plan for today: I am going to have one martini whenever I sit down for the day (4-ish), and then two martinis tonight, with an optional vodka and soda. I know that’s four drinks, but they’re spread out pretty far, so I’ll allow myself that.  By the way, I have written 153 pages of this journal. About 112 of them are in the last 8 weeks. I can tell this is going to be my high-calorie day, which seems to follow my pattern. I’ve already ate 547 calories, and we’re going to get Indian food for dinner, plus I will have drinks.  I’ll just try to keep it reasonable.  6:10 p.m. Looks like we’re getting Quiznos.  I’m making a guess about the calories, because they don’t disclose any info except on their low-fat subs (bastards).  I think I’m overestimating, so all good there. Bucko is late tonight, and I’m starving, and I’m probably going to have a glass of water now, and then a bloody mary (fewer calories than a martini).