Wednesday, March 10  9:00 a.m. Ate breakfast in the hotel, a buffet. We ate a lot because we don’t anticipate having lunch what with the travel schedule. Must leave the hotel at 10 a.m. for the 11:50 flight to Bora Bora. Just learned the "B" is pronounced somewhat like  "P". I am sorry to leave Huahine but eager to see Bora Bora. Hoping the hotel will offer better food, and maybe some night life. Much as I love Te Tiare, I have to admit there is NOTHING to do here at night.  4:00 p.m. We left Te Tiare on the 10 a.m. boat. Had a little scare along the way, Bucko couldn’t find his ticket. Happy ending. Had to wait 1.5 hours at the tiny airport; I guess we could have taken the later boat. This time we managed to get two seats together, by being rather aggressive about getting in line. The islands are fantastic from the air. It was a 15 MINUTE flight, quite uneventful except for the beautiful colors. Bora Bora airport is on its own motu (little island). It’s a former US military strip from WWII. I saw (I think) our resort from the air. Found the Hotel Bora Bora Lagoon Resort sign immediately, where a pretty Tahitienne gave me a flower crown and Bucko a lei. They loaded our luggage on a catamaran, and off to the hotel. Maybe 10 minutes. Checked in at the gorgeous lobby. Few of the buildings in Tahiti have permanent walls, and this was open to the gardens on two sides. Again we were given coconuts to drink, and someone came over to check us in.  I don’t know what fancy hotels in the States do, because I’ve never been to one, but I highly recommend this check-in procedure. It makes you feel important! Although I suppose there’s so many people coming in and out of a hotel lobby in the States that they don’t know who’s a checking-in guest and who’s not. At these resorts, you can’t even get there without their boat, so they know who you are.  Then she took us on a little tour — the pub room, gift shop, restaurants, bar, pool, and finally to our Over Water Bungalow (OWB, to those in the know). It’s beautiful. All the walls are paneled in some sort of teak-looking wood, the furniture and bedding are awesome, and of course the view is unbelievable. After a couple minutes to cool down and take pictures before we messed up the room, back to the poolside restaurant for drinks and a snack. I had a Banana Bora — vodka, creme, banana. Actually, I had two. Was surprised when the credit slip had a spot for a tip – we’d been told there is no tipping in Tahiti, and we hadn’t been. God, I hope we weren’t mistaken!  Then some snorkeling outside our OWB. Not as good as Huahine. Too much wake from boats, not enough fish. But still, not bad! There’s a ladder from the deck that goes right down to the water, to a little landing. You can put on your flippers there and hop right in. Bucko pulled up a giant shell, which we intended as a souvenir, but when we got back to the hut discovered it was occupied, so it had to go back. I have one thing to complain about —our hut is only one bungalow away from the working dock and maintenance area. There’s a lot of activity there and many boats coming and going. The place is so empty you’d think they could have put us in a better spot. Who knows, maybe they consider our hut IS one of the prime spots.  6:00 p.m. Sat in the cute semi-outdoor bar for a couple drinks. Two local musicians with guitar and ukulele. The bartender/waitress is very chatty, it’s interesting to meet a local. Also met Sebastien, the Head of Beverages. There are more Europeans working here than at Te Tiare. Ate outside by the water overlooking the lights of Vaitape. The food is much better here, and even more expensive. We found the room has an incense burner! Nice touch.   Thursday March 11  6:30 a.m. Went to sleep pretty early last night. They had turned down the bed, located my robe and laid it across the bed, and put out slippers for us!  Unfortunately Bucko’s were both left feet. Also they put bottles of drinking water on each table and a little card that said "Good Night" in several languages. Something woke me up in the middle of the night, I heard a BIG splash. It must have been the wake from a boat, but it sure was startling. Looked outside and didn’t see anyone or anything in the water. Also noticed we had left the fish-feeder light on all night. Maybe it was a shark attracted to our hut!  Today we will go in to town (Vaitape) to look for provisions. I feel a little weird, as though the floor is moving in the bungalow. I know it isn’t, but it feels strange. Hope I’m not getting seasick.  9 a.m. Giant buffet breakfast at the hotel. It’s impossible to eat right here! The food is so expensive, we’re stuffing ourselves at the buffet so we don’t have to eat lunch. The mini bar fridge is too small for us to stock up, so we’re limited in what we can get at the store. Perhaps just bread, cheese, and fruit. Today in to town and tomorrow the 4x4 jeep tour. As lovely as it is here, I am starting to look forward to home. Especially for healthy, cheap food. We don’t know how lucky we are. I think the expense is causing me a fair amount of distress, and might be what’s making me feel edgy. Must put it out of my mind, because there’s simply nothing to be done about it.  1 p.m. Spent a couple hours in Vaitape. Very very hot and sunny, and much traffic on the circle road. Walked along the main street half a mile or so. Bought a shot glass for my brother (he collects them) and perfume for his wife. Most of the shops were tacky and sold merchandise made in China or USA. But found local pareus for Bucko’s female relatives, and an extra special one for Daisy. Also went to Magasin Chin Lee for bread, cheese, pate, a couple pre-packaged salads, and Hinano. Somewhat cheaper than Fare and more variety; it’s a much bigger town. Had to come back because my stomach is still acting up. More pain than nausea, which makes me think I picked up a virus rather than ate bad food or seasickness. Now I’m resting and drinking a Coca Cola while Bucko feeds the fishies through our coffee table.  Later. Took a little walk around the resort grounds. Didn’t realize how much is still under construction. Probably only a third of it is done. Saw a girl topless at the swimming pool. Well, I’ve never seen that before!  I know people do it, but not around here. Tried to nudge Bucko, but I didn’t want to point and gawk either, so he missed out. They had wonderful Polynesian dancing at the buffet tonight. There was a round sand area with torches between the terrace and the water. About 10 each male and female dancers, dressed in bright orange. Also drums and singing. Gorgeous! Unfortunately I was feeling sick as a dog, dizzy and lightheaded. Still not sure what it is, but I’m sick of it. The buffet was nice, more vegetables than we’ve seen yet.   Friday, March 12  Up early for the 4x4 jeep tour. Holy cow! That’s worth the money! (I think it was $70 a person). Joseph, our driver/guide, is a huge Polynesian guy who has lived in France, Michigan, and Miami. He’s very conversant with American culture. He said he used to work in the black pearl industry, which is Bora Bora’s main industry besides tourism, but it was too dull, so a friend of his took him on as a tour guide, and he loves it. He sure seemed to be having a good time. He picked up another couple at another hotel, young honeymooners from Boston. We sat in the back of the jeep, where there wooden benches on either side. And handrails, fortunately. He took us up a "road" built by the US military in 1942 (I think) and apparently not repaired ever since. VERY bumpy ride, and my back and stomach are aching. It felt as though all my internal organs were moving around, and I think they really were. We stopped at a WWII gun emplacement, with the guns still in place, but filled with cement so they can’t be fired. Joseph knew many facts and statistics about the island, past and present. He was very complimentary about Americans and all they had brought to the island (besides 175 "illegitimate" babies during the war). I know he was in the position of being paid by us, but I think he was sincere; we didn’t see any anti-American sentiment the whole time we were there, even from the French. On the way up to the guns, Joseph stopped and picked mangoes and papaya so we could have a little "picnic" at the top. Then back down and through a residential area, so we could see what it looked like. For some awful reason we didn’t take a picture there, because it was so lovely. The gardens are awesome. He picked a couple flowers for me and the other girl to put behind our ears.  Then around the island, and a stop at Bloody Mary’s, which is a rather famous restaurant where many famous people have eaten. Whatever. The interesting parts are that the floor is sand, of course there are no real walls, and the bathroom is outdoors. It’s screened from view, but it’s an outdoor room, and the washbasin is a little rock waterfall. You have to pull on a cord, and the water comes down a bamboo pipe and splashes through the rock into a little basin. Another Gilligan’s Island detail I want in my own house.  Done with the tour around noon, so we had cheeseburgers at Snack Bora Burger. 800 francs each! That was the most expensive item, though, and still only a third the cost of eating at the hotel. Visited a little gift shop nearby to get a T-shirt for Bucko. The owner was a French guy, very nice. He talked about the "Operation Sterilization" which was going on at the time — a bunch of American veterinarians were there sterilizing all the dogs for free. He said there are 6000 people on Bora Bora and 4000 dogs, so it’s a problem. We were again struck by how complimentary he was about Americans; I don’t think he was sucking up because he already had our money and he initiated the conversation, it’s not like we were grilling him on his opinions.  It’s such an interesting point to me, because in recent years, our own media is constantly telling us how hateful we are and how much other countries hate us. The news always shows people burning our flags, and commentators and comedians alike are always making remarks and jokes about how bad, crass, loud, stupid, insensitive, or otherwise unpopular Americans are. So I was practically expecting to be pelted with garbage.   9:00 p.m. Went to the hotel Joseph recommended, Fare Manuia. Finally I had poisson cru (raw fish), and it was delicious. The restaurant is small (about eight tables) and no walls. Good food, not cheap but reasonable for here. Our waitress didn’t speak English as well as we thought, because we had a little misunderstanding about taking our leftovers home with us. A tragedy, because we’d only eaten half, if that much. Had a crazy cab driver, arranged by the hotel for us. He was having some kind of big-ass fight on the cell phone, apparently with his cab company. I could only understand a little bit, but I got the fragments of "I already AM on a job" and "You tell him I am already there!"    When we got back to the dock, the hotel boat was broken, and we had to wait for them to arrange another. As with all the towns so far, the waterfront at night is filled with kids goofing around and riding bikes. The boat arrived in about 20 or 30 minutes. It was tiny, but very fast.  Saturday, March 13  Had breakfast at the hotel. The buffet was in the little open air restaurant by the pool, not sure why they changed the location. Nice but not enough breeze. Today we may spend by the pool drinking and relaxing. Although I didn’t sleep well last night, I am feeling considerably improved today.  Yep, spent the day swimming in the pool and snorkeling on the other side of the boat dock. Found a nice spot with lots of fish, but had to fight the current a lot. It’s been very windy and the water is rough. Then a nap and a few drinks at the bar. Another conversation with the talkative Paloma. Her boyfriend is half German, if I understood her correctly. She has three children, the oldest 17. Then on to the seafood buffet. I ate an enormous amount, even more than Bucko, which is setting a record. Three grilled lobster halves, 15 skewered shrimp, a plate of sushi, and a bunch of stuff I can’t even remember. A large group came in last night, I think from Spain. There were only two other couples besides us (and the group). Apparently in April they get busy again.  Watched a little TV, for some reason. The hotel was playing "An American in Paris" nonstop. Also we saw TJ Hooker in French (zut alors!) and a very creepy Japanese horror movie dubbed in French.  Saturday, March 13  Very windy last night, neither of us slept well. But enjoyed sitting nude on the deck in the dark!  This morning breakfast at the hotel, and we have been lying around napping ever since. In an hour or so we’ll go have a beer at the bar, and then we check out at 5:30 and onto the boat at 6:00. It’s hard to figure with the time changes, but I think we have 24 hours of travelling ahead of us. I’m dreading that but looking forward to being home. I miss Daisy!  One thing I am not sad to leave is the constant attention. I guess some people love that, but it’s driving me crazy to have all this chair holding and napkin fluffing. Maybe it’s more noticeable because the hotel is so empty, they don’t have anything to do except wait on us.   6:30 p.m. Sitting in Bora Bora airport waiting for the 7:05 to Papeete. How to handle the tedium? It was bad enough when we had something exciting at the end. Damn, I want to be home. (much whining for the rest of this diary).  8:00 p.m. Made it to Papeete with an uneventful 40 minute flight. Not much to look at since it was dark. I’ve only landed in PPT in the dark, and it’s kind of scary. It doesn’t look like the runway is long enough. The landing seemed a bit steep, but who can really tell. Three more flights to go — PPT to LAX, LAX to Atlanta, Atlanta to home. Now we are in the restaurant (cafeteria, really) in Faaa airport (Papeete) because we can’t check in to our flight until 9:15. Plus we need the break and something to eat. Hope to sleep on the next flight, it’s 8 hours long.  11:30 p.m. I’ve been really uncomfortable on this flight. The tail-end of my stomach disorder, if you get my drift, plus my legs and butt ACHE from the sitting and I can’t sleep because I am also itchy all over.   Sunday March 14  Morning. Eventually I must have had 2 or 3 hours sleep because I don’t remember them. The landing at LA was kind of scary. Bumpy as hell and the smog was unbelievable. Had a horrific time waiting through the lines, a four-hour wait for our connecting flight to Atlanta. However, I saw Ed Begley Jr. in the airport, just walking along like a regular person. Sort of, because he immediately went to the extra-special first-class check in.  Middle and aisle seats to Atlanta. A 3.5 hour flight, so I watched that movie with Diane Keaton and Jack Nicholson. Pretty mediocre but enough to distract me. Then an hour and a half wait at Atlanta — our next flight was running late. They have talking trash cans in the Atlanta airport. Yep. By this time it’s night, but I don’t remember what time exactly. We had bad weather and a rough flight on the last leg. No beverage service because of the bumps. I’m exhausted, thirsty, hungry, and filthy!  Midnight-ish. Ah, we’re home. I’m so happy. So so happy.