7:12 a.m. Thursday, Day 39.  Well.  I’m sure excited today.  It’s been a good week so far — I came in under ttpw two days, and mostly there’s the exciting news of yesterday’s scale adventure.  I didn’t have time to write about it much, I got home late and Bucko was ready to chat, but I did manage the time to put in my chart and write the great news.  Feeling pretty good today, could have slept more. I had an actifed last night, on account of all the smoke, and those really put me out. But I needed to be up early today to get in a workout before I go to the art museum, plus unfortunately I need to call Crazy Hair. Bah. Anyway, those things make me retain water significantly, so I won’t be trying the Measurement Pants today. I’ll try to save that for the weekend.  Since I’m running a little late, I ate my soup right away, instead of writing in here for an hour, and I’m trying to get in a glass of water before I exercise.  I need to watch some of those movies I rented!  I have two left, and only two days.  8:27 a.m. Did 25 minutes on the glider and I’m exhausted.  I think it must be the salt/grease/smoke of yesterday.  I’d like to get another 20 minutes, but I’m not sure I can manage it.  I need to get ready at 9:00, so better make up my mind soon. I’m watching Gods and Monsters and it’s boring as hell, that’s not helping. I must remember to rent more exciting movies for exercising. Nothing too subtle or intellectual.  I have The Last Picture Show left — yeah, that’ll be great! Not!  Maybe I can listen to music.  8:42 a.m. OK, I got another 11 minutes in.  Let’s call it good and move on.  9:19 a.m. Getting ready to go, and not sure I want to.  My stomach hurts and I feel crappy.  I think it is almost certainly the smoke from yesterday, but I can’t seem to get past it.  I feel kind of shaky. Can’t drink the water because my stomach hurts. I’ve started feeling worse in the last few minutes, so I took a Gas-X in case that’s the problem. I feel kind of like I want to throw up.  12:49 p.m. Back from the museum and so glad I went. Expressionism and the beginnings of Abstractionism. Wonderful.  Feeling much better. Had a lovely lunch of lettuce salad with chicken and artichoke hearts, also delicious. Am treating myself to a small vodka. A sipping vodka. Yeah, I fell off the wagon already.  Let’s see if I can limit it to this one. Had to talk to Crazy Hair. What a tool. It’s 1:36 now and I feel done in for the day.  I might just relax this afternoon, or possibly glide some more and finish that movie.  You know, it occurs to me I’d better start planning some strategies for our vacation. Almost two weeks — how will I keep from overeating?  How will I get enough exercise?  Probably the easiest part will be to eat a small breakfast. That’s what I do now. I eat ENOUGH, but I don’t eat more than enough. 200 calories is enough for breakfast. Then I could probably go for a walk. Plenty of beach. When I get back, a piece of fruit. Then we can go out for the day, which will frequently involve more walking or swimming. And a few days of complete slothfulness. I’ll have to watch out for dinner and drinks, that will be my downfall.  3:00 p.m. and I’m still in front of the computer. Waiting for Boss to call me back. I’ll give him a few more minutes, but then I’m going to glide some more. No, better idea — I will glide now, and if he calls I’ll stop gliding and talk. Duh.  4:47 p.m. Got in another 36 minutes and 200 calories on the glider. Yay.