7:16 a.m. Tuesday, Day 37.  Had an excellent day yesterday. I will attribute it mostly to having a salad for dinner, and being so busy talking to Daisy that I didn’t even finish it. Also, it was a Greek salad with no calories of consequences except for the tiny amount of feta cheese in it. It was mostly lettuce. I might even be overestimating it.  As always, I wish I could be sure something is happening.  I know that I have lost some weight, but no idea how much, or even the time period in which I’ve lost it.  I wasn’t dieting in November and December, but I was exercising a lot, so that might have contributed.  And as always with dieting, I don’t think my numbers are good. Yes, in theory they’re correct, but I don’t think I will lose weight on 1300 calories, I think I would have to eat 800 calories.  So I wish I would get a sign that I could believe and not talk myself out of.  I guess the other depressing part of it is that if I have lost x amount of weight, I’m simply back to where I was a year ago, when I wanted desperately to lose weight.  Every time I gain a little, which I notice by my clothes not fitting, I think “oh great, there’s ANOTHER five pounds I’ll have to lose,” and conclude that it’s impossible, fighting against the tide. Like I can’t lose fast enough to even keep up with the gain. If you see what I mean.  Maybe I’ll just be the anomaly. Maybe I’ll be the person whose weight loss speeds up as they get going, instead of plateauing.  Yeah, that’s it.  I just had a really weird thought.  I’ve committed to doing this dieting thing for two months. And I’m concerned that eight weeks of effort is only going to get me a small weight loss, like five or six pounds.  Then I thought, will I go off the diet in Week Nine, because it’s “not working.” And you know what?  I don’t think I will.  Because I cannot tolerate the idea of gaining back those five or six pounds. I can no longer accept the idea of not being in a state of weight loss, no matter how slow and dreary it is.    This journal is what’s enabling me to keep this up. The only thing is, I’m spending so much time on it I can’t do anything else.  It’s completely taken over my life.  For the past six weeks, I haven’t left the computer for more than a couple hours at a time, unless I’m physically out of the house.  I’ve been writing in it continuously since 7:16 this morning (it’s now 8:43) with only tiny breaks to eat my soup and pee. And surf weight-loss sites.  Well. Let me focus on some good things today.  I went out with Daisy yesterday and ate a salad. Didn’t get the greasy appetizer, wasn’t even tempted. That’s progress, I just reread my previous entry about going to the same place with her and it was a major victory for me that I didn’t eat all the greasy appetizer nor all the salad. And it WAS a major victory, it’s just great that now I can handle that kind of thing without problem.  I can choose the healthier food and not feel all deprived and depressed.  I guess I am slowly cutting the ties between emotional need and food reward. I hope so — at least, I’ve become AWARE of the ties, but if I’m honest I have to say I haven’t done any work toward eliminating them. Perhaps mere awareness is the important part. I think I do need to give myself some rewards, though. Small daily or weekly rewards. Because I’m doing this so much in a vacuum, I’ve got to invent milestones, even if they’re make-believe.  Like when I theoretically lost five pounds, I should have celebrated.  Looking over my previous entries, I’ve been saying the same three — no, four — things since the very beginning. They are:    1. I want and need a valid indicator of progress.    2. I need to reward myself for my efforts.    3. I must drink more water.    4. I must drink less alcohol.  And I haven’t done jack-shit about any of them.  So let’s make a better attempt at all four. For the first one, I will force myself to take my measurements. At any part of my body where I can reliably hit the same place every time, doesn’t matter where. Two, I am going to browse Amazon today for books, and put them in my Wish List. 3. I don’t KNOW.  I’ve tried everything. Well, almost everything. I’ve drawn the line at carrying around a timer with me. Well, guess what — today I start carrying around a timer. 4. God. I don’t know. This is something I need to work on. I have to start thinking — and writing — about what drinking is doing for me that it’s so hard to stop. Because a year, two years ago, I had about two drinks a week. Three or four years ago I had about two drinks a month.   Let’s just continue with that line of thinking right now and try to make some progress here. Part of it, I think, is that I CAN drink more without it affecting me as it used to. Weight and age are probably the culprits there.  Secondly, Bucko drinks with me, and he didn’t used to. He drank even less than I. Now he’s right up there. So we’re enabling each other. We’re drinking buddies. That sucks.  And what’s it doing for me emotionally?  My off-the-cuff answer is that it’s numbing me, making me not feel inadequate or useless or a loser. It’s a happy pill. And face it, I’ve been pretty miserable for most of my life.  I don’t even know what happy feels like anymore.  I’m just gray.  I don’t know what else to say about it — I don’t think the reasons for drinking are very complicated. You feel bad, it makes you feel better.  What will make me not feel bad anymore?  Improved self esteem and success. Which go together in a chicken-and-the-egg manner.  Will losing weight help my self esteem?  I think so.  What would do even more is to sell some furniture, and get out of the horrid, self-hating atmosphere of where I work.  And not allowing myself to tolerate that kind of toxic environment again.  So what will I do for Item 4?  Cold-turkey won’t work, that’s for sure.  OK, I will try to stick to Drinking Days and I will also limit my drinks. Tonight, if we have Drinking Day, I will allow myself two martinis, with an optional vodka and soda. Instead of three martinis and two vodka and sodas. I will also drink a full glass of water between alcohol drinks. OK, that’s a good start. Will revisit this later. But one more pont needs to be made, although we’ve touched on it before: if I weren’t drinking so much, I would be losing more weight. Maybe that can serve as a motivation.  10:06 a.m. Just did 30 minutes on the glider. For the last ten minutes, I alternated with five minute sets of weights. It KILLED me.  I think I’m onto something here.  Perhaps tomorrow I will start doing that from the beginning, the alternating. Also I am carrying the timer with me. I’m on my third glass of water. Yay. Today, I am going to clean up my “studio.”  How can I even consider working when I can’t walk into the room?  I need to think up some places to sell furniture.  I need to get some more stuff into E.G. — it’s better than nothing.  Maybe I can do some smaller furniture type stuff that I can afford a 50/50 split on.  11:02 a.m. The water is helping. That’s probably what I needed to do last week, drink a lot more water.  12:40 p.m. Oh yeah.  I am FULL of water. Very full.  Made some progress on my studio. I got a little sidetracked in that I decided to paint the shelves in the closet, which makes it hard to clean up, because everything on the shelves has to come out of the closet.  I’m doing them one side at a time; tomorrow I will slide the stuff over to the other side and paint the next half.  Had a drumstick for my snack at 11:00.  It’s not a bad choice nutritionally, but I’ll see if I can come up with a more balanced lunch. I’ve been eating a lot of meat recently (o bacon!).  3:44 p.m. I have drank 8 glasses of water. That is 96 ounces of water. 3 quarts.  I think I might burst.  I set the timer for an hour, and drank every time. Plus extra when I was exercising. Enough!  In other news, I am finished painting the closet. The paint really wants a couple days to harden, so hopefully I will be patient enough to let it sit tomorrow, and put everything away Thursday. It could happen.  As far as my other goals, I browsed Amazon a little bit for some books, but didn’t find much. I’ll do it again soon.  I’m not going to measure myself until some of this water is gone. Maybe later this afternoon, maybe tomorrow morning would be better.  Not even going to bother with the Measurement Pants when my stomach is this full.  Also, I think I’m just starting to bloat up a bit. Just a touch...  8:55 p.m. I ended up with three martinis, no vodka and soda. Not bad.  And another random thought: I might have to buy Metamucil or some sort of fiber supplement like that. Not for the bowel aspects, but because I would like to get more fiber than I am, without the calories.