6:32 a.m. Monday, Day 36.  The first day of WEEK SIX.  A nice fresh week. Hoping it will go better than last week. I barely managed a save on Sunday to stay under oppw.  It helped a lot that I didn’t drink.  However, I did eat two Ritz crackers after I’d done my totals, so I refigured for those this morning.  I didn’t want to, it’s such a tiny amount (32 calories) and I was thinking along the lines of “oh, I can let myself have this just this once,” but quickly came to my senses and nixed that. What the hell am I thinking, let myself have this one?  I mean, I can eat whatever I want, that’s not the issue. The point is that it’s useless to record my food if I’m not accurate. I don’t have any problem with eating the crackers, but I can’t let myself get into that kind of thinking with this journal, because then whose journal is it? Some fictional person who sounds like me a lot of the time.  Watched the Super Bowl yesterday, voluntarily.  It’s the first football game I’ve watched in probably 20 years. Not bad, it was actually interesting. I think it’s because the photography is so much better. You can really see what happens, and the replays are great. I suppose regular games don’t have so many cameras working, though.  And that reminds me, although I don’t know why, that my BRAS are fitting differently. You see, all this time I’ve been concentrating on the lower half, and I forgot that the boobs are the first thing to go. And hopefully also some back fat.  I mean, I am THRILLED to lose weight on my boobs, but I don’t see them as the culprit that my gigantic stomach is. So anyway, first I thought the bra had just gotten a bit stretchy from old elastic, but no, the others are fitting the same way.  I’m buckling them in the middle row, not the loosest row. So yay for me. Or my boobs. Oh yeah, now I remember why it reminded me: Janet Jackson.  9:05 a.m. 50 minutes on the glider, and only 402 calories.  I’m kind of dragging today. I think it was the movie. I’m watching Lovely and Amazing, and it sort of sucks.  It’s about a woman and her two grown daughters, and it’s a total chick flick, but it’s dreary and stupid. The women are so fucking neurotic they’re not amusing.  I cannot relate to a single one of them, even though one is a 36-year-old woman trying to sell her arts and crafts around town. But she’s so bitter and awful and bitchy, even I can’t relate to her. That’s pretty bad.  I’m toying with the idea of putting this diary in reverse order. Most recent entry at the top of the page. I don’t know, it’s a trade-off.  It would be easier for me to search, because most recent food would be close, but I like to read back over the past few days, and it’s easier to do that in this order. I don’t want to get TOO wrapped up in the journal, I spend enough time in here as it is, but I guess I’m jealous of the websites I see. Also I really need to go to the supermarket today, and have zero interest in doing so. It’s so damned far away!  I guess I could shop online, though, and then just pick it up. But what the hell, the shopping part only takes me 20 minutes. It’s the 40 minute round trip drive that I don’t like. I might decide to go to Harris Teeter, which is slightly closer.  10:57 a.m. Yay yay, Daisy called me. Unfortunately she has to go to work today, but then we can go out at 3:30. Can not wait. I am so dying for some social life. I think it has given me enough energy to go to the store. Whee!  1:08 p.m.  Yeah, yeah, I bought more chocolate covered almonds. However, this time I bought the merest handful. A trifle.  And in other weird news, I had two pieces of bacon for lunch. I wanted to get some bacon to have with our shrimp; one piece used to flavor it, split between the two of us, can’t be too bad. And I was surprised that the calories are so low. Well, I thought, this isn’t such a bad deal, I’ll just have a couple pieces with lunch. That was before I cooked it; after I cooked it I wondered how 1.5 linear inches could possibly use up 80 calories.  Apparently I need to buy a higher-quality brand.