8:25 a.m. Sunday, Day 35.   Yesterday wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be, but it’s bad enough. I only have 1600 calories left for today. I don’t understand what’s gone wrong with me this week.  I’m not going to hit oppw, I might be able to achieve half a pound.  Better than gaining, but I’m sad to have “lost” a week.  Looking back, I can see it was the chocolate almonds and then the pistachios that killed me.  Not just for the calories themselves, but that was the beginning of my desire to snack all the time.  I had to stave that off all week.  I don’t know which was cause and which was effect.  Well, the pistachios are all gone now, so that’s not an issue, and I won’t buy chocolate almonds any more. Maybe when I’ve gotten through two months, or reached some sort of goal, then I will have a little reward that includes chocolate.  Speaking of goals, I wrote earlier that I wanted to set some, and also the rewards that go with. And I am sort of jealous of people’s beautiful web sites. I’m thinking of putting this into html. Is that crazy? Yes it is.  Let’s discuss that later. For now, what about goals and rewards?  The first goal, clearly, is to fit into the Measurement Pants to the point that I’m comfortable in going out in them. That is my initial yardstick, and it will be quite the big deal to me to achieve it.  And what of the reward?  I don’t want to reward myself with food too much.  Maybe just a little bit, like a particular snack.  How about: when I make the Pants, I buy myself about $50-60 of books on Amazon? THAT I would love.  Not sure what the goal would be after that.  Since I don’t have a scale, it’s hard to increment. I suppose I’ll move on to other Measurement Garments.  Like I have some size 9 undies that I can’t wear.  And there’s always my original wedding ring.  That’s about it, though, because I’ve thrown away most clothes that don’t fit.  If I had a scale, I would use ten pound increments.  How will I know when I reach my original goal of 26 pounds?  I can see I’ll need a scale eventually. Which I don’t like. But what the hell, dieting is so fucked up anyway, what’s one more little neurosis added on?  It would be nice to know if this was working. Yes, I know, the Measurement Pants, the looser jeans, the ring, etc. etc., but I have been fooled before.  My calculations say I should have lost about six pounds since I started this, but have I?  Have I lost three pounds? Have I lost ten?  You’d think I could notice a big difference with ten pounds, but honestly that doesn’t show up much on me. So who knows.  This is just so glacially slow that I’m not really sure it’s happening, and definitely I feel like one large meal could wipe it out.  Feh.  This kind of thinking is not helping.  I have to believe this is working to have the strength to continue doing it.  It’s not going to work if I don’t do it (well duh, but you see my point).  That’s why, among other reasons, I stopped reading the FA sites and NAAFA in particular.  I don’t want to identify with people who can’t/won’t/don’t lose weight.  It’s not going to help me.  So, perhaps I’ll base this on clothing size. At the start of this, a month or so ago, I was buying a size 26 pant.  When I can buy a 24 (of the same brand) that will be one goal accomplished. The Measurement Pants are a small 24, so that will serve. Then when I can buy a 22. Then an 18. And on down the line.  I like that, because then I don’t need a scale, but I can see progress.  I think I want to get to a 12.  I’m not sure, because apparently sizes have changed a LOT since I last wore “normal” clothes.  Back in the day, 12 was kinda medium. But there’s been some size inflation since then, and a 12 now fits someone quite larger.  So that’s why I’ll have to wait and see.  I might decide I want to fit into a ten or an eight.  Here’s my list of imaginary rewards (like I’d have the money for this...):  Size 24  $230 of new shoes Size 22  more clothes Size 20		$100 of new clothes, dinner at Cappers	 Size 18		$200 of new clothes	 Size 16		Monty Python video collection	 Size 14		A breast reduction and LOTS of new clothes	 Size 12		A cruise	  I think each of these sizes represents about ten or twelve pounds. And no, I'm not all that clothing-oriented, it's just that I can't think of what else I might want.  I’m very stressed about going to Tahiti this fat.  I’m afraid I will be conspicuous and perhaps people will be unkind.  It’s a beach-type vacation, so I can’t hide in clothes.  I don’t know how other people perceive me.  When I look in the mirror I see someone who is somewhat overweight. No big deal. But when I see photos of myself I am stunned by how fat I am. But other people tell me they don’t see it as a big deal.  Daisy did not believe how much I weigh.  She was very doubtful when I told her. So perhaps I don’t seem as fat to other people as to myself.  At least, I know I LOOK as fat to other people, but they don’t seem to treat me like I’m fat. I don’t ACT fat.  Not sure how to describe that particular idea, but somehow I’ve never accepted the role of being fat. Maybe it makes a difference in the way other people treat me or perceive me.  So maybe I’m worrying for nothing.  I have visions of people actually taunting me and yelling insults.  In French.  I’m terrified.  5:00 p.m. Excellent news — got Bucko to work out with me. We traded off five minutes on the glider with five minutes lifting weights. Almost fun.  8:09 p.m. Hah! Unbelievably, I managed a mere 1240 calories today, for a week’s total of 12,254!!