6:32 a.m. Wednesday, Day 93. Feel great. As great as I would ever feel before 7:00 a.m., anyway. Too many dreams last night, but I only woke up a few times. Didn’t take any actifed, any melatonin. This morning as I checked the date to put on my journal entry, I realized that Bucko’s birthday is FRIDAY.  Uh-oh.  I don’t even have an IDEA for a gift. Well, I think he was complaining something about his socket set last weekend while installing the new faucet, but I’m not sure that’s something I can pick out for him. I must admit ignorance of sockets. I know he wants to replace the Spyderco pocket knife he lost a few months ago. However... if I’m not mistaken that brand runs close to $200, and we’re a teensy bit broke right now. So okay, I DO have some ideas, but they’re not workable. Maybe I’ll go to Target and browse. Cheesy? Yes. Let that refute the mistaken idea that I’m living the high life — I’m planning on buying my husband’s gift at Target.    Well. I have now read all the Skinny Daily Post articles up through today. Which means I don’t have a giant backlog available so I can read five or six of them each morning.  9:41 a.m. Now I don’t feel so great anymore.  I’m 100% sure this is entirely weather-based, because it’s grey and cold and drizzly today, but I suddenly feel depressed and overwhelmed. There’s so many things to do I can’t pick one, and I feel like I will a) never get the house in shape to sell it, b) never again earn a paycheck, and c) never sell a single piece of furniture or paint a mural again for the rest of my life ever. Ever ever ever. Nevereverever.  Because yesterday went so well, I thought I would be on a winning streak and super productive today. I thought the more I accomplished today, the better I would feel. Now suddenly I’m considering taking the day off entirely, treating myself like an invalid, and doing only self-indulgent activities designed to make me feel cozy and pampered.  So which way should I choose?  The rock-like Puritan work ethic of strength and vitality and self-worth through labor and personal fortitude, or the wallowing in sybaritic excesses flavored with New Age-ish wisps of self-care and mindful soul activity? And can I also point out that whenever I hear the phrase “self-care,” I think of either a) the ability to cleanse one’s personal regions adequately after using the toilet, or b) probably masturbation.  I’m going to take the middle road — I will do ONE thing toward preparing the house, I will clean up my studio, I will go look for a birthday present, and then I will come home and take a hot bath, wax my legs, and spend the afternoon watching The Royal Tenenbaums while drinking wine.  12:43 p.m. Yes, that was a good plan.  I did clean my studio; I packed up two tables and a bunch of pictures and hauled them to the garage; I went to Dick’s and got Bucko a decent knife for $40; picked up three bottles of on-sale wine at Totally Wine; and got him a shirt and some little storage boxes at Wal-Mart. The kind you put screws and wire and crap like that in. He will love them. Now I am home and will have something nice for lunch and spend the afternoon as described, without feeling like I’ve COMPLETELY wasted the day. Also I resisted buying chocolate in the wine store AND Wal-Mart. Points for me.