7:11 a.m. Tuesday, Day 92. Not a bad night, considering how late I ate dinner (10:30).  That’s the drawback to the Flying Saucer — they haven’t any decent food. You can get oversalted, overpriced bar munchies and that’s about it. So anyway I’m not feeling too bad this morning, considering. My calorie count for the day wasn't overwhelming, either, considering there was beer. 4 beers.  I forgot to do the Monday Measurements yesterday, so I did them this morning. Sort of inconclusive.  I try really hard to get the tape in exactly the same place each time (mostly navigating by mole or freckle) but I can’t seem to be consistent in how tight I pull the tape. It’s too subjective for me to know if I’m doing it the same each time. However, IF my measurements were accurate, then I would have lost 1.5 inches in my waist (in one week? not likely), .5 inches in my upper arm, and gained a quarter of an inch everywhere else. So I’m thinking that’s not very accurate. Perhaps over the long term. Also, have completely forgotten to try the mShorts — Monday is also mShorts day. I’m going to save it until tomorrow. Give me something to do with the huge, empty hours that have become my life.  1:20 p.m. Just back from meeting with GMcN. He was very charming, very kind. I felt quite at ease with him. He seemed to like me and my work, but not quite to the point of commissioning any pieces from me. I am not crushed, however, because I didn't see it as a loss; if nothing else (and it may indeed be nothing else) it was a personal victory for me in being calm and confident and not hysterical when making a sales call on a stranger.  In that sense it went VERY well. What's gotten into me? Driving downtown, being confident around strangers... it's a whole new world.  Also went to the grocery store and then dropped a “congratulations” card at Daisy’s house and hung it on her front doorknob. Today was her first day of a temp job, and I wanted her to find it when she got home and be cheered up after a hard day. As it turns out, she called me on the way home and said she had a WONDERFUL TIME. Apparently when one is a temp, one doesn’t have to manage projects, trawl for clients, and attend meetings and conference calls. Apparently one is allowed to simply WORK, and it’s a couple million times less stressful. Unfortunately, the pay is commensurate.  2:59 p.m. Put in another 30 minutes on the glider while watching the rest of Pushing Tin. Really enjoyed it. Will someone explain to me why Billy Bob Thornton is so incredibly sexy? You know that if you knew someone like him in real life he would absolutely creep you out and you'd assume he slept in the bus station a lot, and he'd ask you out on a date and take you to Denny's and not have enough money for the tip, but then you'd STILL sleep with him (in the back seat of YOUR car because his was "in for repairs" and it would be hot and heavy and probably greasy, and then you'd feel like a total ho-bag the next day. But then you'd think about it for weeks.  You would, wouldn't you?