7:31 a.m. Sunday, Day 90. Feeling good today. I pretty much slept right through.  That is, I know I woke up a few times, but only for a couple seconds. That’s phenomenal for me. I’m glad I started tracking how I feel each morning, because hopefully if there’s a pattern to my good/bad times, I’ll be able to look at the previous day’s entry and see if there’s anything that might be a factor.  Had a nice time last night, but a little disappointing. When we got to Capper’s, it turned out they were having problems with some sort of burst water pipe, and the restaurant was closed. Bummer for them!  So we toddled on up to Portobello, which is our favorite restaurant, for drinks. And it was fine, but of course there’s no live music, and sitting in the restaurant drinking just isn’t the same as sitting in the bar drinking. Why?  I don’t know. Just one of those things. At any rate, it’s a pleasant place to be, so I can’t complain, and I had only two vodka and sodas, so my total yesterday was 2137. Not good, but not a major, diet-ruining excess either (I shoot for between 1300 and 1800).  For some reason, when I woke up today I immediately walked into the closet, in a hypnotized-robot-like trance, before I even peed or anything, and tried on the Measurement Shorts. I pulled them on, zipped ’em up, buttoned ’em. Just like that.  They ALMOST fit.  They’re about where the Measurement Pants were, when I would say “Well, I could almost wear them except they’re too tight and ride up my butt and it would look tacky.”  So I’m making progress, my weight loss hasn’t stopped since vacation.  I can’t predict how long it will be before the Measurement Shorts fit; with the Measurement Pants, it was exactly one month from “almost fit” to “wore them outside the house.”  And also I’m tired of typing “Measurement.”  From now on, it’s “mShorts” and “mPants.”   1:12 p.m.  We’ve got the “rock” border done around the mailbox, and also planted the petunias. Looks pretty good. The rocks are more plastic-y looking than I remember them in the store, but maybe when the flowers grow in, they will seem less glaring. Also got the rest of the wallpaper border in the office primed. We’re planning on driving around this afternoon looking for houses. Not sure where to look, it seems to me we’ve covered everywhere interesting and/or possible. So many times we’ve seen a modest little house for sale in what appears to be a modest little neighborhood, and I jump out of the car and grab the sales brochure, only to find that the 1500-square-foot built-in-1960 house is going for $355,000.  Prices are so relative to an area I guess that number doesn’t mean anything on its own. For comparison, we hope to sell our built-in-1990 house for around $210,000.  And we were crazy enough to hope we could buy something smaller for LESS money. Not MORE money.