7:57 a.m. Saturday, Day 89.  I feel pretty good today. Had a solid eight hours sleep. Took an actifed last night to counter the effects of Daisy’s cats, and of course that always makes me sleep.  Bucko brought home a Wendy’s salad for me, and I ate that and then pretty much immediately fell asleep on the sofa. Perfect ending to a picnic-lunch-sit-in-the-sun day.    So many things to do this weekend, I don’t know where to start. Bucko’s plan is to install the new kitchen faucet, and water the front lawn so the fertilizer can sink in a little. We also need to finish painting the wallpaper border in the office; put up the new border; paint the hallway, downstairs bathroom, and living room wall; paint the trim in ALL the rooms except the kitchen; go grocery shopping; balance the checkbook; get mini pine mcnuggets for the front walk area; arrange delivery of pinestraw for the entire yard; get some sort of edging to go around the mailbox area and also plant something there that might actually survive; drive around and find a new place to live.  11:09 a.m. Making small progress. Bucko is working on the faucet right now, and I’ve got the hallway and living room wall painted. Starving, had the last bit of turkey lunchmeat and swiss cheese. Too early for lunch, so I guess it’s a large snack.  2:30 p.m. Back from Home Depot. We've got the edging (fake rock, very groovy) and a bunch of petunias. Also dirt. The faucet is done (yay). Also picked up chicken wings to cook for dinner, to satisfy my craving for salted grease. There's a few drops of rain, so we probably won't have to water the lawn.  7:20 p.m. Getting ready to go out to Cappers. I’m a little disappointed with my numbers today.  I’m eating too much.  It’s not way out of line, but I’m not staying within my goal.  I need some sort of mental kick in the butt to get back on target.  I’m at just over 2000 calories now, and I’d still like to have two drinks and share a dessert at the restaurant. Which will put me at around 2600, and that’s WAY too much. Well, here’s what I’ll do: stick to vodka and sodas, which are only about 65 calories each. That’s not too bad.