I’m just another person trying to lose weight. The statistics? I’m female, 43 years old, 5’3”, married.   I started this weight loss attempt in December 2003. My starting weight was about 260 pounds, starting size a 26. My goal weight is 135-150, maybe a size 12.  I’ve tried to lose weight several times in the past, and can say with honesty that I’ve never lost a single pound before. This time it’s working, albeit slowly. I mostly credit the fact that I’ve been working at home instead of at the office for the past four months or so. Stress can make you gain or retain weight by messing with your hormones, and I guess I’m the poster child for that particular situation.  The blog is called "Someday is Now" because all my life I've thought that SOMEDAY I would lose weight. It's like a super Cinderella make-over fantasy. Someday this would just happen of its own accord and my whole life would magically change into something wonderful. I set all sorts of deadlines for myself: I MUST lose weight before high school starts or my life will be ruined. I MUST lose weight before prom. Before college. Before my wedding. Before the job interview. Obviously, I never did lose the weight, nor was my life ruined.  Now I've come to the realization (better late than never) than someday is NOW.  I'm 43 years old, and I'm tired of waiting for a dream to come true. It's up to me to make this happen.  That holds true for other parts of my life also, not just weight loss.  I'm an introverted, too-cynical person, so it's been difficult and very significant for me to adopt a positive attitude about anything. So I can say this has been a life-changing experience so far.  I’m writing a weight-loss blog because I have been helped so much by reading what others have published on the web.  Frankly, I can’t imagine that I could add anything that is smarter, funnier, more interesting, or in any way better than what others have written. But because they’ve shared their thoughts with me (and the rest of the world), it seems only fair that I should do the same. Tit for tat, so to speak.   What I’m Doing     I’m using a plan of my own devising, wherein I try to reach a target amount of calories daily (between 1300 and 1800 per day), and exercise for a minimum of 60 minutes daily (weekdays). I don't support the low-carb diets, but I do avoid carbs in the form of flour and sugar. I eat a lot of vegetables and fruit, and drink a lot of water. I have cut my portions back by about a third from my normal eating. My main exercise is on a Gazelle glider, as seen in the infomercials. I chose it because there is no impact to my knees and little to my feet. I have had difficulty with other exercise, even walking, because it hurts my knees, feet, and lower back. So I love the glider. I also use a cheap version of the TotalGym called the Sensible Gym, which I also love.  And I have some workout tapes, from Richard Simmons to Bellydance. I tape some shows on Fit TV. A little of everything.  I don’t weigh myself.  I learned the hard way that if I have a scale in the house, I obsess about every ounce, and check it three or four times a day. This time around, no scale. I’m taking my measurements once a week, and also using various pieces of clothing as indicators, such as the Measurement Pants. When I started this routine (December 30, 2003), these pants were five inches away from buttoning. Today (July 2004) I wear them comfortably. They’re a size 22.  So now I’m on to using the Measurement Shorts as my main gauge (a size 20).  I’ve kept a detailed (offline) journal since the first day.  My thoughts, rantings, complainings, about weight loss and unrelated subjects. I detail every single thing I eat and drink (calories plus grams of protein, carbs, fat, and fiber), and amount of exercise and approximate calories burned. I also include my theoretical amount of weight lost, going just by the numbers. Yes, someday I will weigh myself.   Now I'm putting the "thoughts" part of my journal online. Most of it is very dull stuff, just a chronicle of my day, which is why I say you probably won’t find any gems here as on the other web pages. I’m not a gifted writer, but keeping a journal has been absolutely vital to my weight-loss efforts.   My philosophy about weight loss is this: I want to lose weight because several aspects of being fat suck. Maybe if I was a different person, I would somehow be able to overcome or ignore or conquer those things, but I'm not. I don't want to be fat, I don't like it. I've been fat my whole life and now I want to try something different. However: being fat is not evil. It's not BAD. It's not a punishment. It's just a thing that happens to some people. I refuse to hate myself for being fat. I am not a failure, I am not weak, I am not in any way a lesser person than I would be thin.    What's with the "Marla was" headlines?   Somehow I became fascinated with this little Google game. You enter your name as the search term, along with the verb of your choice. Put it in quotes so Google doesn't ignore the verb. For example: "Marla was" or "Marla thinks". Some of the results are very amusing, especially since "Marla" is featured prominently in porn sites.  Anyway, it's more fun than trying to come up with relevant entry headlines, which were always things like "More dieting and exercise."  Got something to say? You can email me at "somedayisnow00" at yahoo dot com.