6:27 a.m. Friday, Day 88.  Man, I slept awful (awfully?) last night. And I took a whole melatonin.  Just tossing and turning, waking up a lot, and DREAMS. Far too many dreams with too much detail.  Something about filming an aerobics video on a beach in Israel, while our house was being secretly made over by a team of television producers. And then about surfing. We can see by that I’ve been watching too much TV. My back hurts this morning, I’m so stiff I could hardly walk down the stairs.  I want to give a little explanation about my life, because of a comment someone made to me about my journal/blog.  I know it sounds like all I do is have lunch with friends, drink, and shop. Well, not true. First of all, I only have ONE friend, not friends plural. Heh. Anyway, I’m not sure that particular lifestyle needs a defense anyway, but I want to explain that 1) I have a job, 2) but I mostly work at home, 3) I personally consider that a blessing and a luxury, though some people hate it, 4) my job is part-time and inconsistent because there is no longer enough work to support me (and other employees) on a full-time basis (we’re talking recession here, people), and 5) I am also developing a business and freelance work on the side.  For some reason I don’t want to be perceived as an idle, wealthy woman who lunches. I’m not sure why, and perhaps I’ll delve into that sometime, why I feel the need to explain my situation, but in the meantime I am reporting that No, I don’t have that kind of life. I’m very grateful to be getting by as well as we are, but we’re not rich by any means.  I’m currently in a situation where I hate my job (oh, boo-hoo for me), so it just sounds like I don’t work because I don’t like to write about it.  Wendy on girliness: http://www.poundy.com/journal/06-01/6-27.html  And a Progress Point to report:  I have been able to SQUAT recently. Yesterday when I was leaving the post office, I dropped my keys on the ground. And I just squatted down and picked them up, and kept walking. I was in my car driving away before I realized what I had just done.  I’m not even sure how I did it — was it a one-knee or two-knee squat?  I know I didn’t stumble on the way back up, and there was nothing for me to hold onto while I straightened up. I just did it, and kept on walking.  5:51 p.m. O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay! Listen: I just got back from Daisy’s house, and amongst other things, I weighed myself on her scale. Because I don't have one. 41 days ago I weighed 240; today I weighed 225. That’s 15 pounds in 5 or 6 weeks.  I am ECSTATIC. There can be absolutely no doubt that I’ve lost weight. It’s irrrefutable.  IF her scale is accurate, I have lost 35 pounds since I started in December. But whatever, even if her scale isn’t accurate, I’ve lost 15 pounds since the last time I’ve weighed myself.  So it’s POSSIBLE.  It’s possible that I can lose weight. It can really happen. Who would have thought?? Color me smug.