6:10 a.m. Thursday, Day 88.  I woke up very early this moring (5:09) but I’m feeling good.  I went to bed early, so even getting up at The Crack, I still got 7 hours of sleep. Took half a melatonin, I think maybe I need to take an entire one for it to be effective. I did manage to not eat anything else yesterday, for an astounding 1022 calories. THAT’s not going to happen very often, but I’m glad to get a super-low-cal day to compensate for all the high-cal ones.   10:11 a.m. Finished an hour of glider, and watched most of Chocolat.  I have some thoughts about it that I will get to later. It’s pretty good, but apparently I have some sort of limited attention span, or movies tend to get dull and meandering about 3/4 of the way through.  I’m ready for it to wrap up. Maybe some movies don’t introduce enough new plot or action in the last half, so I get impatient for something to happen. But not a major criticism, I’m enjoying it.  I would like to say that I LOVE Johnny Depp. I love his roles, too. They're always a bit outre.  My only issue with him as the leading male fantasy of my life - his mouth. Just a little too small, a little too feminine. If Johnny Depp swooped into my life and gathered me up into an erotic sex-fest of all my fantasies come true, would I shrug my shoulders and say "Ehh. I dunno. Your mouth is too small." ?  I'm guessing I could overlook it.  1:42 p.m. Back from the post office, mailed everyone’s vacation souvenirs. Also stopped at the supermarket and got sandwich stuff and salad for tomorrow, in case Daisy and I have a picnic lunch. It could happen. Picked up sushi for myself for lunch today. Now I’m digesting and trying to decide what to do the rest of the day. Probably I should read over that RFP for the proposal. Yeah, and I’ll sit in the sun while I do it. That won’t take long, I could also paint another wall.  6:00 p.m. No wall, but I painted the trim and fireplace in the drawing room (known to most people as a "family room." I just don't like that phrase). Wow, what a difference. I highly recommend that to anyone who wants to spruce up the house — fresh paint on the trim makes a BIG difference. The house looks new again. Talked to Daisy and we’re going to meet tomorrow for a picnic-style lunch on her deck, and hopefully get a little sun. That’s such a GIRLY thing to do, I’m really thrilled with it. Losing weight really is opening up my mind to new ideas and possibilities, even something as trivial as that.  That’s why I identified so much with Ju-Ju’s review of “Passing for Thin.” She says “Frances... fell in for that brand of easy sarcasm that passes for comedy these days... self-deprecating humor, belittling humor... But as the book goes on, as her fat comes off, as Frances becomes more and more exposed, vulnerable, willing to take on and take responsiblity for changing things, she becomes more and more and more genuinely funny, likable.”   http://www.skinnydailypost.com/archives/2004_02_06_skinnydaily_archive.html#000964  Well, okay, it’s presumptuous of me to make the comparison, since I’ve only just started losing weight and no one has declared me funny or likable. But I completely understand where Frances is coming from, as described by Ju-Ju. I don’t use the cynical humor as a defense, as pop-psychology would insist.  It’s not an armor, it’s more like a burden, something I’d like to be able to rid myself of.  But when you’re a fat girl, it comes with the territory. You develop the attitude as a REACTION to rejection, not a preventor of rejection. And I understand the idea of not knowing how to act like a girl.  I mean, one isn't required to fit into a behavior pattern, but being able to willfully and deliberately reject a role is different from never having had the opportunity to try out the role for size. I know my non-girliness as a teenager had EVERYTHING to do with being fat.  Why knows, maybe if I was normal weight, I would still have decided it didn’t suit me for other reasons, but I never had the chance to find out.  7:26 p.m. Doing well with my eating now.  I think I’m back on track after vacation and having the dinner party food around.  The cheese is gone, the ice cream sandwiches, that kind of stuff. The tortilla chips are still here, but that’s not a major temptation to me. After watching Chocolat today, I could definitely go for some good quality chocolate!  Right now I’m at 1390 calories. That’s very good.  I will try to not eat any more tonight, but I might have another glass of wine, and that will of course raise the total. By the way, I’m doing well with the drinking. I resolved to buy nothing but red wine, because I just don’t drink it in volume. So far that’s holding true.  A couple glasses is plenty. I’m pretty much ignoring the concept of Drinking Night. It was a good idea, but it ended up making me drink more.  Scarcity increases value. So when I could drink only a couple times a week, I overdrank. I dunno, it’s some kind of weird mental thing.  I do better if I can just have a glass or two of wine while making dinner.