7:08 a.m. Wednesday, Day 87.  I feel a little groggy this morning. Didn’t sleep as well as I would like, and had some squirrelly moments around 4:30 a.m., thinking about work.  Talked with Warren yesterday, and he has some proposal work for me around the middle of April, which is nice but not much.  A good post about the book “Passing for Thin,” which also perfectly describes MY personality: http://www.skinnydailypost.com/archives/2004_02_06_skinnydaily_archive.html#000964 I prefer to wait until it's in paperback, but I might give in and buy it now.  8:32 a.m. Had a little roll and butter with my soup. Yum. I’m planning on bellydancing today, we’ll see how that goes! Then in to work to meet with Warren. Oh, THAT will be fun. Maybe Daisy will be there.  2:38 p.m. Yes, Daisy was there, but I didn’t really get a chance to talk to her.  Talked to Crazy Hair, of course, couldn’t avoid it. What a tool. Printed out some vacation pictures to send to my brother. Then off to the video store, because there’s no way I can glide with the crap that’s on television. Had a hard time choosing movies, though, I’m too picky. Of course I was starving by the time I got home around 2:00, so I had an apple and then a tuna salad with a pickle. Delish. I may very well eat the last Skinny Cow for dessert.  7:33 p.m. Home from the wine tasting. The vineyard wasn’t notable, but we bought two cheap bottles from the general stock. Not much in the house to eat, I guess I’d better shop soon, or cook so we have leftovers.  Had two giant plates of salad for dinner. I’ve migrated the balance of the oil and vinegar dressing so that it’s only about a third or a quarter oil - the rest is vinegar, water, lemon juice, and other non-caloric ingredients.  I’m going to try to not eat for the rest of the night, and have a super low-cal (1041) day to get back on target.  We’ll see how it goes; I’ll certainly be hungry tomorrow morning!  So about the food in Tahiti, I never really described it.  Well, first of all, it’s HIDEOUSLY EXPENSIVE.  Apparently the dollar is very weak right now, so we found that even very plain food was out of our reach.  The restaurants at the hotels and resorts were, naturally, very high-priced.  Breakfast or lunch, about $26 a person. Dinner, about $40 a person. And up. That's the basic price, not including drinks or desserts or what have you. We had planned to buy food from shops and eat at local restaurants frequently, because we wanted to have a fuller experience than a resort offers.  And that’s what we did, but it was still very expensive (dinner about $25 each) in restaurants, and there was not much variety in the food. Grilled fish, beef, or chicken. French fries. Bread and butter.  Pineapple, papayas, lettuce, and cucumbers.  That’s pretty much the extent of fresh food in the restaurants. No other vegetables, no carrots, broccoli, zucchini, cauliflower, asparagus, beets, or peas. No beans. No apples, oranges, or pears. Sometimes watermelon, bananas, and grapefruit.  On Huahine, we shopped in the (only) grocery store and bought: 5 cans of beer, a wedge of brie cheese, a loaf of bread, a can of sardines, a can of deviled ham, a box of raisins, a small package of cookies, five eggrolls. Price: $38.  So sadly, we ended up eating a lot of bread and cheese on the trip, and other carbohydrates, because that was the only food available/affordable much of the time. At our last stop on Bora Bora, we tended to eat breakfast at the hotel, where they had a large expensive buffet, so we ate as much as we could so that we could skip lunch and possibly eat a very very small dinner.  That’s not a good eating pattern, and I was relieved to get home and be normal again. That’s not to say I didn’t enjoy the trip, because I absolutely LOVED it.    And, by the way, I wore the Measurement Pants all day today. Yep.  For something that has haunted my past two months, I haven't made enough of a big deal about the fact that I fit into them now. Perfectly comfortably. AND I look good in them.