7:34 a.m. Sunday, Day 84.  Well. Since this week’s numbers suck so bad, I will start with the positive things first.  First of all, practically the first thing Jaeger and Marella said to me last night, with no prompting, was “Wow, you’ve lost a lot of weight!  You look great!”  This is very significant, because I had never told either one of them that I was dieting. They just noticed of their own accord.  I haven’t seen them for a while, so they could see the big change in me. Which, by the way, so can I, because we looked at some video Bucko shot back in November, and I couldn’t BELIEVE how fat I was. OH. MY. GOD.  Remember how I said I was horrified about our Tahiti pictures? F**k, no, that’s NOTHING compared to what I looked like in November. Okay, this was supposed to sound positive and it’s not coming out that way, so I want to phrase it this way: I can really notice, myself, how much weight I’ve lost. I’ve become, incredibly, even MORE beautiful than I used to be. I RULE.  And I apologize for that slip into self-loathing. The only thing I hate more than hating myself is when I fail to hate the hating. Yeah, I hate that.  Second good news is that even though my numbers are over my goal, I did quite well with all the massive amount of food last night.  I had a little of everything (actually, not even everything) and I didn’t go back for seconds.  I’m 358 calories over goal yesterday, so I think we can expect I won’t be losing any weight this week, but I am impressed with my ability to eat a 1200 calorie buffet dinner instead of a 3200 calorie dinner.  Which I could easily have done.  Also I think I am overestimating portions and calories.  When someone else cooks the food, it’s hard to know.  So the bad news is that I ate more than I should have.  I can see where the problem was: I had munchie food sitting out on the table for hors d’oeuvres.  Some of it was safe, like the carrots and celery, but the bread and brie cheese killed me.  I had three pieces instead of one.  Also I ate the Skinny Cow ice cream sandwich for dessert. Which is not so horrible in itself, it’s just that I was NOT hungry at that point and should have skipped it.  Ah well.  I guess it’s harder than I thought coming off vacation.  In a week or two, when I feel like I’m back on track, I will go get weighed.  10:21 a.m. Did 25 minutes of gliding, good for me.