Has anyone noticed how obsessed I am with Daisy? I know, it's no big secret, she's totally my boyfriend. Or possibly girlfriend. (No, I'm just kidding, we're both straight.)  7:04 a.m. Friday, Day 82. I feel good this morning. I did have some interrupted sleep, but seem to have dealt with it okay.  I went to bed too early, brought on by too much wine, and so I woke up around 2 a.m. I probably could have gone back to sleep sooner, but I got involved in watching a South Park Behind the Scenes show on VH-1, and I was awake until about 3:15.  Then I had a horrible nightmare, with much violence, set in Frasier Meadows. Whatever. So I’m surprised I feel as good as I do this morning. But the sun is coming out, and that makes ALL the difference. Plus I get to see Daisy today. Yay!  11:18 a.m. Okay, I am just killing time until Daisy calls. I decided to get dressed up, since she’s probably in her interview clothes, and I found that the Flintstones Dress is too big.  I really can’t wear it. Hah!  So I am wearing the black linen-esque dress that has a sheer navy blue polka dot duster with it. It’s also too big. Damn, I look good.  6:33 p.m. Well, I ended up wearing jeans and a shirt, but I still looked good.  Daisy had gone home and changed into casual clothes, so I didn’t want to look like a dumbass being overdressed. Had a great time, but ate too much calorie-laden food. We went to Steak and Ale, which of course is very meat-and-potato intensive.  However, I did another 200 calories on the glider, so that will help to compensate. Because I would like to have a little salad or something later, which will probably push me over 1800 calories for the day.  7:58 p.m. Bah.  My numbers are bad. I mean, not AWFUL, I’m only 120 calories over target, but it’s annoying. Jaeger and Marella are coming for dinner tomorrow, which means another day of big calories. I have to make sure to have a LOT of low-cal food around.  I will try to have a small lunch, and eat a lot of celery, pickles, etc. All the no-cal food. But still, I want to congratulate myself on gliding this afternoon. That’s a big change from my life six months ago.  Also, all my clothes are too big.  I had a hell of a time picking something to wear today, because everything looked awful. I need to spend some time this weekend altering my clothes. Put in darts, increase the seams, that sort of thing. Hee hee, that’s great. Today for the first time I could really see that I’ve lost weight. I could look in the mirror and see a difference. Very exciting.  I still feel a bit “off” since we’ve come back from vacation — since I couldn’t track my food well, or eat well, or exercise well, I feel a bit shook up.  I’ve gotten back to my routine pretty quickly, but I don’t feel ensconced in it yet. It feels almost like at the beginning, when I was very tentative about the whole thing.  I imagine I’ll be fine by next week. In good news, we’re hearing that the CoM project should start up again any day.  I don’t have a huge amount of hours on that, but I think I ought to get maybe another 40 or 50 over the next month. That’s a lot more than recently, so that’s good.  I enjoyed the belly dancing today.  It’s still hard, but it felt a little more normal and less strained. Maybe I wasn’t trying so hard.  I look in the mirror some while I’m doing it, to try to maintain form, and I think I strained myself a bit last time, trying to look like those girls. My body is just not going to look the same as theirs when I move, and so I probably forced it too much.