6:54 a.m. Thursday, Day 81. Feel pretty good.  I took half a melotonin and it kicked my butt.  I’m going to try it for a while, a few weeks at least, and see if it improves my sleep. I think it will; so far when I’ve taken one it hasn’t prevented me from waking up, but I’m only awake long enough to get up and pee, not two or three hours. Big improvement. Also my stomach hurts today, and my back. I suspect I must have slept weirdly. Also the lack of exercise is catching up with me. Will try to glide/lift weights today. And I want to report a progress point (and this is in fact unrelated to my back hurting today): I can now sleep on my stomach. I haven’t been able to do that for months. Yipee.  8:43 a.m. Did 20 minutes of gliding, with 10 minutes of the resistance on. Man that’s hard! The calories burned show up less than usual because I’m going slower, but I’m pretty sure I burned at least as much as gliding at the regular setting. Also did two 5-minute sets of little weights. Now I’m starving and I’m going to finish the cauliflower. The sun is almost out today, and I’m feeling a bit better than yesterday.  2:39 p.m. Never mind, I am NOT feeling better than yesterday. The sun lasted two seconds, and it’s been gloomy and rainy all day. Also Daisy cancelled on me, which I pretty much expected, but I’m still disappointed. Now we’re planning on meeting tomorrow for lunch, which will probably be more fun and a nicer day. But it wreaked havoc with my mood today. I forced myself to call E.G., and Liz wasn’t in, and then I forced myself to call G.McN., and I got his voice mail.  I’m trying to psyche myself up to call him again, because if I don’t do it soon, then I won’t. I actually called and hung up before it rung twice, because I have no idea what I would say. My brain is numb. This is so not normal. It’s not normal to have so little energy and such inability to cope with things like a mere phone call.    2:45 p.m. OK, I psyched myself up for another call and got the machine again. Didn’t leave a message. I feel relieved.  5:33 p.m. Making a delicious dinner of salmon; sweet potato, onion, and green pepper sautee; and devilled eggs. The eggs are mostly for Bucko, since he loves them, but I just ate one. Or two halves, that is. Not bad, but I put in too much mustard. You know, I have been wondering about the “Points” system in Weight Watchers.  It doesn’t seem accurate enough. I mean, if it works for someone, then I’m not criticizing, but for me it seems too general. On a lot of blogs, people talk about a particular meal they had that was only X number of points, and they’re happy about how little it is, and yet it’s something that I would never eat at all. Because it’s too high in calories, fat, or sugar. Or all three. So I wonder how WW figures the Points. Maybe I'm not allowing myself enough leeway. What I would love to do, with an unlimited budget and a personal chef, is figure out three weeks worth of menus, and then just have the food served to me. No balancing as I go, compensating for this and that... of course I know that wouldn’t work, because I would feel more snacky one day than another, or crave a particular food, or whatever. Can I say something that really disappointed me about Tahiti was the food. Because although I planned to eat reasonably, I also planned to have some wild days. And most of the time that wasn’t possible. It was too expensive! And most of the time we couldn’t find very good food anyway. The hotel in Bora Bora wasn’t bad, because at least they had sushi, but it wasn’t notable. The breakfast buffet was okay, because I could get fruit, but they only had two kinds, pineapple and papaya. Which I like, but it’s not like that’s a feast of fruit, you know? They had more variety than the other hotel, but it wasn’t really tastier. On the seafood buffet night, they had a lot of seafood salads made with MUCH mayonnaise. So I didn’t have a lot of that, but I did have THREE lobster halves and about 20 skewered shrimp. Yum. So I guess I can’t complain too much about that meal. But oh man, I missed salads and vegetables. Almost non-existent on the islands.  6:47 p.m. Wow. For some reason I really pigged out at dinner. Ate about twice as much as I intended, and I’m really full.  I’ve done well otherwise since I got home, so I hope this is just some aberration while I get used to my diet again. My numbers don’t come out badly, but still I’m not happy that I overate.