6:37 a.m. Wednesday morning. Feeling pretty good, considering I am about four hours short on sleep. I’m trying to get back on normal schedule after all the travel and time difference.  What I’ve decided to do is count the days during my vacation, but I doubt I’ll go to the trouble of logging the food.  I wasn’t able to keep accurate enough records to make it worthwhile.  I will put in summaries for the weeks, with average calories, and that will be close enough.  They will be HIGH calories, because I would rather err on the side of more than less. Don’t want to fool myself that I ate a proper amount of food, ‘cause I didn’t. However, I tried on the Measurement Pants first thing this morning, and they still fit comfortably. Not quite as loose as the first day of vacation (I even wrote on my postcard to Daisy that they were baggy) but only by a slightly perceptible amount. So that’s a great relief and I am very pleased that I didn’t gain weight with the large and not-so-wonderful food I was eating (more detail about that later).  I think my diet can tolerate, and even benefit from, a week off plan, but more than that is iffy, and of course I need to get right back on. Exercise today will be difficult, since I’m short of sleep, but at least I’m eating right again!  I want to mention that it was VERY difficult not having this journal available for 10 days.  I wrote in my little notebook, but it just wasn’t the same.  9:42 a.m.  So.  I am at a loss about what to do.  My stomach feels like hell again, and I’m tired and unmotivated. I checked my email and voicemail at work, and there was nothing. I really need some hours, or I have to find a new job. Like right away. Of course I am not at all thrilled about that. Nor am I thrilled with the idea of trying to drum up some mural/furniture sales. I want to give myself today off, to readjust and recuperate, but I’m afraid I’ll find a reason to do that tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day. Bah.  1:37 p.m. Talked to Daisy and that helped, I feel a bit cheered up. Also she gave me permission to slack off today, and that’s just what I needed. I did attempt to call Liz at E.G., and of course she doesn’t work today, but I am impressed that I made the effort. Right now I’m uploading some Tahiti pictures to my [other] web page, so everyone can see them.  I have mixed feelings about how I look in the photos. As always, I am absolutely horrified at how I look. But I think I can see a small difference. Not enough, certainly, but there is a change. And once again I am horrified at how large my breasts are. I look like a freak. That’s my next big goal, the breast reduction. Can’t WAIT. It’s sad to think how little of my life has been documented in photos, because I avoid the camera so much. There are almost no photos of me from about 25 years old on up.  3:39 p.m. Yay, I managed to do a little glider. It was hard to get motivated, but thinking about how I look in those photos helped. I don’t like the self-loathing implied there, but at least I don’t feel desperate or sickened. I think it was just a cause-and-effect reaction: I saw that I am too fat, so I exercised. I’m also eating well and drinking water.  I hope after a good night’s sleep tonight I will feel more energetic tomorrow. I did my Monday measurements today, since I was traveling on Monday, and the results are erratic. Gain in some places, loss in others. Phooey.  On loose skin after weight loss: http://www.skinnydaily.com/archive/2003_12_01_skinnydaily_archive.html