Wednesday, Day Three.  And also New Year's Eve.  8:33 a.m. So far so good.  Just finished soup and coffee breakfast.  Tried the Lowe's brand chicken rice soup, and it was awful.  All water, no chicken, soggy white rice. Bah.  Threw it away and went back to the Campbell's.  I have a rotten headache this morning, which started last night.  I think it might be the seltzer water.  I'm going to avoid it today, and see how my head is tonight. If no headache, then I'll drink it again tomorrow and see if headache reappears.  Decided to track my calories for past two days, to see where I stand. I'm estimating large, so my real intake might be as much as 10-15% less than these totals.  Well, the first thing I see here is that I'm doing quite well. Secondly, the caloric cost of alcohol is too high.  It's half as much as the food I ate during the entire day. Third, the alcohol is increasing my carbs with the wrong kind, namely sugar, instead of fiber.  Need to eat more vegetables. Now look at Tuesday.  I ate only 1108 calories, and I've accounted for every single thing I ate, estimating on the high side.  That's pretty damn good!  In fact, it might be a little bit low.  If I hadn't had the drinks, I should probably be adding a little to it. How cool is that?  Monday is also fantastic, and that's with the Quiznos sandwich, which is loaded with fat and cals.  So far I haven't felt hungry except first thing in the morning, which is normal.  Yay!  11:06 a.m.  Just finished with hour-long workout and a shower.  Not my best workout, but again, I managed to keep moving for an hour.  However, I'm starving!  Probably an effect of all the carbs last night.  I'm having a glass of tomato juice, and if that doesn't do the trick, will have some grapes or cherry tomatoes to tide me over.  I'd like to have lunch at 12:30 or even 1:00, because I got up late, and hence had breakfast a little late.  Still with the headache. Hope it's not the beginning of flu.  Not sure what I'm going to do today. I've done all the wallpaper removal I can do without help.  Maybe this time I really will pack some stuff.  Hee hee how many days in a row am I going to say that?  1:28 p.m.  Had a HUGE lunch of chicken, green beans, and sweet potato.  However, it was only 549 calories.  Probably less, as I don't think I had quite as big portions as I did for dinner last night.  But definitely I am much hungrier today than Monday and Tuesday.  I do think it's from the alcohol, though, and not just hunger catching up with me.  Also, I haven't been drinking the seltzer water today, and that stuff was so filling.  I really hope it's not what gave me the headache!  Which is just now starting to abate.  Had two aspirin before bed last night, and two more around 4 a.m., and they didn't put a dent in it. Two more after breakfast today, and now it's down to tolerable.  Now that I'm tracking calories, I'd better figure out what is the right amount for me to eat. Here is what thebeehive.org calculator said:  "As a 42-year old, 5 foot, 3 inch female, weighing 260 pounds, you need 2,102 calories every day to maintain your weight at your level of activity. In order to lose 1 pound a week, you should consume about 1,602 calories a day."  Since the difference between maintaining weight and losing a pound is 500 calories, I can then figure that to lose TWO pounds a week, I should eat 1102 calories a day. And I am way over that!  But, when I upped my moderate activity from 40 to 60 minutes a day, it gave me 2136 and 1636 calories (1136 for 2 pounds).  And if I split my hour with 30 minutes moderate activity and 30 minutes heavy, I get 2256/1756 (1256).  So I can indeed offset amount of food with exercise, though not significantly.  Now, the West Virginia Dietetic Association says that with those same specs, and "light activity" level (which they don't describe as fully as beehive did), I can maintain at 2,423 calories, which is 321 more than Beehive says, and at Moderately Active, 2746, which is 610 more than Beehive.  And this of course is why I say I don't overeat: I rarely eat 2746 calories a day, and yet I continue to GAIN weight, not to maintain. Whatever.  DIYGlobalSolutions tells me 2101. The Calorie Control Council says 2796.  So let's just use the average of all those figures. To lose one pound a week, I should eat 1802 calories a day (12,614 a week); for two pounds, 1303 calories a day (9,121 a week). This is at a moderate activity level.  I think I can handle that, as long as I am careful with the drinking.  My first goal will be to lose 10% of my bodyweight. That's the Weight Watchers plan. I think I weigh 260 right now, so I want to lose 26 pounds, and thus weight 234.  If I can lose two pounds a week, that would take me 13 weeks, or roughly three months.  What a depressing thought!  Three months to lose 26 pounds.  Well.  That's what will keep me motivated to do the diet and the exercise. Especially the exercise.  Overall, it's so much less painful than dieting.  I'm putting Dr. Phil's WLC stuff in another file, and will follow along with the Seven Keys and the homework.  I'm feeling just like quitting smoking now, where I've got to stop rationalizing and excusing, and do whatever it takes to make it work, even if I feel it's foolish or undignified.  Which describes Dr. Phil quite well. But, you have to accept help wherever you can find it.  Unfortunately, I can't find Key 4 on the website.  Perhaps a ploy to get us to buy his book?  6:29 p.m.  Nope, didn't pack anything.