For anyone who doesn't know - Bucko and I are going to Tahiti, Huahine, and Bora Bora for ten days for our 20th anniversary. We leave tomorrow.   6:04 a.m. Thursday. Feeling good today, despite waking up so early. On the other hand, I was probably asleep by 10:30. Pretty good numbers so far this week. Last night I succumbed to a few crackers, which pushed me over 1400, but still it’s not too bad. Right now I’m averaging 1285 calories per day for this week.  Have I mentioned yet that yesterday I was able to button the Measurement Shorts?  Uh-huh.  They’re still way too tight to wear, but I was able to get the button into the buttonhole. That’s significant. It seems like I lost a lot of weight very quickly, in the past couple weeks. The jeans I bought are already too big, and I bought them only 9 days ago. So whatever I’ve been doing recently is working. Looking back over the last 20 days or so, my calories are good overall, but by no means super-low. There’s a nice fluctuation, which is good. But also I have more varied exercise than when I first started. So I’m going to say that variety, in both diet and exercise, is probably helping a lot.  I don’t really see any difference in myself. I look just as fat, to me.  But, I avoid taking a really good look at myself in mirrors, so I suppose I didn’t have a realistic view of myself to start with.  So I’ve been thinking I won’t have much problem keeping on track in Tahiti. This is just too important to me to jeopardize for something transitory. I can have a wonderful time there without overeating. It’s not a necessary part of the experience.  I mean, I can eat food anywhere, any time.  If I run into something special, something specific to that place, then I’ll eat it. I’m not going to deprive myself or miss out. But if there’s a choice of fruit or fried eggs for breakfast, then I’ll take the fruit.  If there’s a choice of salad bar or genuine Polynesian pig roast for dinner, I’ll take the pig roast. And I’m going to try to walk every day. Deliberate walking, not the meandering through town type.  And I have a new measuring device: the Measurement Belt.  I realized I need a belt to keep my pants up, if I take the size 24s with me. I have only one belt, not sure I’ve ever worn it. Anyway, I had to put a new hole in it, about 1.5 inches away from the smallest hole. So that will be a new way to gauge success.  9:41 a.m. Incredibly, I managed 60 minutes gliding. It was HARD. Just too boring. Feh. Oh well, that’s the last time I’ll be doing it for ten days. Oh my god, we’re going to be in Tahiti tomorrow night.   Today I’m going to wear the size 22s jeans around the house, and see how they stretch out. I’m planning on wearing or bringing one pair of jeans with me, and I can’t decide between the 24s and the 22s.  I want to wear the small size, but I don’t want to be uncomfortable either. But they stretch a lot, so if I wear them for a few hours they might be just right.  I’ve started to accept the fact that I’m losing weight, that it’s actually happening, and just the general concept that it’s possible.  I’m sort of incredibly excited about it, but also it just seems so normal now. It’s just part of life to keep shrinking.  Now that I’m this far into it, it doesn’t seem difficult. Yeah, I know it’s incredible to even say that, but I suppose with most endeavors, getting started is the hardest part.  Practically and mentally.  It’s almost like going through the steps of grieving, or something. First there’s this massive denial, then anger, then acceptance, and then finally looking beyond.  Once you’ve gotten to the acceptance part, you don’t have to keep fighting the initial battle every day. During the denial, anger, and beginning of acceptance, it really is the same fight every day, over and over, and that must be where most people drop it. Because you just get so damned sick of dealing with it.  Weirdly, I haven’t had so much issue with that. I plunged into the journal and the whole experience fully, and that’s helped. I made this my entire life, and it’s working.  Sure that’s unbalanced, but what the heck. That’s how I do everything: drop everything else and focus on only the one thing. So it might not be normal, but it’s normal for ME.   2:47 pm. Just got back from the store. Picked up some water, apples, tuna-in-a-bag, and trail mix for on the plane. I was going to buy a bag of hard candy, but resisted and bought gum instead. You know, I was standing there in the aisle looking at the candy, and I really was going to get some, and then part of my brain said “Why? You don’t need candy on the plane any more than you need it any other time. If you start out making exceptions and allowances to eat crap, then you’ll continue that pattern.”  I’m glad that part of my brain prevailed, because I gave up the candy and bought sugarless gum. That will keep my mouth busy without adding calories.  I did, however, buy us two beers each for tonight when we’re packing. Just enough to relax us a little bit, without having enough in the house to get drunk or hung over.  7:45 p.m. Well. My last entry for 10 days.  I guess I’ll track my food in my little notebook, and try to figure calories when I get back. Or not — I might just pick up again fresh on March 16th.  I am going to miss writing in here. Hopefully I’ll be too busy having fun to think much about it. Bye bye journal, hello Tahiti!