6:10 a.m. Tuesday.  Feeling pretty good today, although I woke up at 5:30 and couldn’t get back to sleep. That’s only six hours sleep, but I don’t feel too bad. Hungry, though. I didn’t eat much yesterday. I think my calories are so low because I had that rib for lunch, and then around 4:30 I ate the salmon. Never did have dinner, so I did more of the “mini meal” thing, and thus skipped a large meal. Not something I want to do every day, but I’m glad to have low numbers before vacation.  I had quite an annoying anxiety dream about work last night. I think that’s what made me squirrelly when I woke up. It surprised me to even have this dream, it was a combo work/not prepared for the test kind of dream, and I didn’t think I was having any of that type of anxiety recently.  Just had the Manhattan clam chowder for breakfast, and I didn’t like it.  Kind of a musty flavor, not appetizing. Also not enough solid ingredients, just a few bits of potato and carrot. I will be needing a snack later this morning.  1:12 p.m. The painters have been here since about 9 a.m. They’re very nice guys and everything, one of them speaks English, but it’s kind of weird having them around. They’re painting right outside the office, in the foyer, so I can’t just come and go at will without interrupting them.  I felt a little weird about sitting in full sight in the kitchen eating lunch, too, so I just made a quickie salad of leftover tuna and tomato. It was delicious. I offered them lunch, but they had already eaten in their van, so it’s not like they would mind if I ate in front of them, but it just seemed strange. Then I was afraid of what music to pick out, because I listen to a lot of Latin stuff, and I was afraid they’d think I picked it on purpose in some sort of patronizing gesture. And I’m afraid they’ll think I’m just sitting around twiddling my thumbs whenever I’m not actually typing at the computer. I’m hoping to run out for a bottle of wine, but don’t want to leave while they’re here. Not that I don’t trust them, but I guess I’m just weirdly freaked out about having people in the house who are not guests. Then I started cooking dinner at 1:00 because I had to do SOMETHING.    Finally got the airline tickets/flights straightened out. That travel agent is such a waste. I have to call her too many times; she’s simply not proactive at all.    Here’s a random little tidbit. I’m glad I don’t really have a deadline for this weight loss. Because it’s not going to end. I guess I kind of have known that all along, and definitely realized it when embarking on this particular effort. A year ago I wanted to lose weight for the vacation, and I DIDN’T, and so of course I am kicking myself for not finding this motivation a year ago when I really needed it. But what the hell - what’s one vacation compared to the whole rest of my life?  And you know what else? I know they’re talking about me, because I heard the word “computer.”  I imagine the conversation to be as follows:  Painter 1: Do you think that fat gringo woman would have sex with us? Painter 2: Probably. Or maybe just blow jobs. Painter 1: Yeah. Don’t you think she’s the ugliest, fattest, most repulsive woman you’ve ever met? Painter 2: Absolutely. I had no idea American women were so unattractive. And so obviously whorish and lazy. Do you suppose she’s a prostitute for a living? Painter 1: Probably. Right now she’s on the _COMPUTER_, probably surfing the internet for potential clients. Painter 2: Let’s go back to Mexico where the women are all beautiful and decent. Painter 1: Okay.  And just now I distinctly heard one of them say "Paraguay."  I can't even imagine what they are saying about me that concerns Paraguay, but I'll bet there's a brothel and a donkey involved.  A good post about getting fat: http://skinnydaily.blogspot.com/2003_11_01_skinnydaily_archive.html  2:48 p.m. Yay, they’re almost done. I am so relieved. And I want to reiterate that they have behaved perfectly nicely, it’s just weird to me having them here. It’s my mind that is the problem. Oh my god, they just said Paraguay again! What the hell is with Paraguay????  4:22 p.m. Ah, the house to myself.  I ran out and got a couple bottles of wine, and now I am sitting here enjoying a glass all alone in my house. Incredibly, it’s almost dinner time and I have had only 362 calories so far. Holy cow!  Of course the wine will add to that considerably.  But I have a nice healthy dinner planned, of more chicken, that lovely eggplant ratatouille or whatever it’s called, and broccoli.  5:37 Got another 10 minutes gliding in. Not much, but it will help with the metabolism. I rule. RULE.