7:23 a.m. Monday. First day of Week Ten. Wow!  Feeling pretty good this morning. I took half an actifed last night, so I slept like a frog. Woke up to pee maybe once. My plan is to do TotalGym this morning. Then I have my haircut at 10:00, so I need a quick workout. This afternoon perhaps I’ll be able to work in some gliding — I’ll see how my hip feels.  I’m almost caught up with the archived Skinny Daily Post entries, I need to find something else with hundreds of archived entries I can read from the beginning!  Here’s something I want to say about losing weight:  I am glad I’m doing it, and I really want it. BUT I am angry with myself for not being everything I could be while still fat.  I’m disappointed that I bought into this myth that you have to be thin for anything to matter. Therefore: I must work on being more fabulous NOW.  And here’s the other thing I want to say:  I am realizing that to me, the eating and possibly the weight are all about control, as far as any psychological factors may be involved.  I had a little epiphany about that several months ago, and looking through my journal I see that the only really difficult spot, the only disordered eating event in ten weeks was when I didn’t want to go to the basketball game. Somehow food was a means of taking back control.  More random thoughts: whenever I am “done” with losing weight, I will have to maintain it. I think I need to work exercise into my life in a more natural way. Hopefully, with a lighter body I’ll be ABLE to exercise more. But I’m going to have to do those things like always take the stairs, park far away, get a dog and walk it, etc.  I’m not always going to have the luxury of all day to fit in whatever workouts I feel like.   And here’s another thing. I bought an issue of Shape magazine, and threw it away within 2 hours.  First of all, the “articles” are nothing but prompts to buy products. Secondly, there’s nothing useful in the entire publication. Next to no information. Thirdly, their photography is not consistent with the avowed mission of the magazine. I do NOT want to see underweight-by-30-pounds fashion models pretending to lift weights with little stick arms that don’t have enough muscle in them to lift a fork to their mouths.  Another: maybe I should buy some nice workout clothes instead of the horrible oversized rags I wear now.  12:56 p.m. Well, it’s been quite a nice day so far. 1) the Measurement Shorts are half an inch closer to buttoning. Yep. 2) I got my hair cut and I look great. 3) My measurements are a little tiny bit smaller. I had a great time going to the hardware store and Ace. I looked so good with my hair freshly cut that it gave me all sorts of confidence, and I didn’t want to go home after!  I wanted to stay out and show off. It was such a difference from my usual run-home-as-fast-as-possible self, that I began to get an inkling of how much self assurance I might have when I lose weight. It’s not that I have to look gorgeous, it was the feeling that I was NOT a freak. That no one was staring at me in disgust.  3:13 p.m. Did a little gardening. Nothing all that strenuous, but I’m going to give myself 100 calories. It’s hard work for me, maybe not for someone else. Here’s some fun news. My new jeans? The size 24s? Starting to fall off. Yep.  Daisy is planning to call me at 4:00. I can’t wait. I so want to have a drink while talking to her. There’s nothing in the house except vermouth, so I will have a small glass of that. I can’t overdo it, there’s only a drop left in the bottle. Also going to do a little bit of gliding beforehand - I’m not going to hit my goal of 300 minutes a week at this rate! Not when Friday will be devoted to airports and airlines.  9:16 p.m. Just back from Target. What an ordeal. Mostly bought vacation clothes for Bucko, although I got a new blouse. I had to get a 24; it was a button-down shirt, and of course the 22 was too small in the bust. And the 24 is too large everywhere else. That will continue to be a problem for me no matter what size I am. But that’s okay, because: remember the new jeans mentioned above? I can now pull them down without unbuttoning them. Hee.