6:37 a.m. Thursday, Day 122. Damn that restaurant! Damn damn damn. Both of us woke up groggy and stupid, with swollen eyes and puffy faces. MSG.  We don’t get it, because Bucko gets lunch at that place all the time, which is why we figured it was safe. Don’t know what happened — they changed their recipe suddenly; they make food differently at night; they used a pre-packaged sauce; it was an acccident (Whoops! I spilled this box of MSG into the stir fry. Oh well.). Anyway, I am very annoyed with them, because I don’t like to be literally poisoned when I eat restaurant food. Come on people, is there seriously any mutant customer on the planet who  wants  MSG in their food?  Had a hard time coming up with the calories. I ate most of a serving, but with hardly any rice (compared to what they provided, which must have been 4 cups per person). I figured all the components separately, and come up with 535 calories, which ain’t bad, and which gives me 1447 for the day.  Much  lower than I expected. I hope my estimate is close — I did it as accurately as I could and rounded up.  So moving on from the Chinese food... talked to my brother a few days ago. He cracks me up. He’s probably the smartest person I’ve ever met, and his conversation is... eclectic.  I grabbed a pencil and wrote down the topics he covered in a 20 minute phone call, although I gave up halfway through. Each one followed logically from the previous, although now I can’t see some of the connections. It's not wild-eyed rambling, though, this was all intelligent, meaningful conversation. Here, then, is a partial list of Jimmy’s Phone Call Topics:     Plumbing*  Labor Unions  Hotels     Jimmy Hoffa  heroin  The Phoenix Project     Conspiracy Theories  Vietnam war  Laos     H&R Block  Carter vs. Reagan  Trickledown economics     Voodoo economics  Carpentry  1000 Points of Light     James Watts and Amway  Deaths at 4th of July Parties  The Beach Boys     Dead people in bushes  Islands in the Stream  Mardi Gras     Class struggle  Robert Heinlein  Sex in science fiction     Conan the Barbarian  Ireland  Swamp monsters     Werewolves  Gollum  The Lord of the Rings     Indians  Malaria  Vampires and Jewish people**     sharks  one shark for two people (?)  Bimini     *My brother is a plumber, and believe me he contradicts every stereotype of a plumber you’ve ever had.  **Why don’t vampires just attack Jewish people. Since they don’t have any crosses.  1:43 p.m. I’m trying to be really active today and drink a lot of water to flush out the MSG as quickly as possible. So far today I have painted the dining room, dug out two more shrubs in the front, went grocery shopping, bought and unloaded eight new shrubs, did a second coat in the dining room, and now I’m making catfish stew for Bucko’s dinner. THEN I will take a shower and make a chicken caesar salad for me and Daisy, because we are having dinner together tonight. I cannot wait to see her. I haven’t seen her for 15 days, and I need my fix.