7:40 a.m. Wednesday, Day 121. Slept late today, I must have been making up for Monday night and recuperating from all that bush digging. I’m a little sore this morning, in the back of my thighs, but nothing terrible. Came in at 1467 calories yesterday, which is perfect. The week is off to a good start.  Not sure what I’m doing today, probably a repeat of yesterday. Work on the proposal from home, dig bushes, paint furniture. They’re behind schedule in writing the proposal, so we won’t go into production until Sunday. Which means being in The Orifice on the weekend. Yeah, yuk. Whatever, I’m glad for the hours. Nothing like a little impending poverty to make you appreciate a paycheck.  On that front, Bucko and I have decided to go ahead and get the house all ready to sell so that whenever I DO get a couple good paychecks, that’s when we can apply for a loan. It’s not the end of the world if we don’t get it on the market now, because it’s not like we have a deadline, but this is the time of year to do it. Houses in this neighorhood don’t sell fast, so I don’t want to miss our best opportunity.  I have a new favorite food. Pompeian brand Fire Roasted Red Peppers. $1.69 for a 12 ounce jar. That’s a bargain!  Also, check out the ingredients: roasted peppers, water, salt, and citric acid. Period. In the entire jar, 90 calories, 15 grams carbs, 3 grams fiber, 0 fat. I’m using about a quarter or a third of a jar at a time. These things are perfect in a salad or diced up in a rice dish. They’re not hot; for some reason I read the “Fire” part of the label as meaning spicy.  I don’t usually write that much online about what I’m eating, although offline I record every bite. At the beginning of this weight loss adventure, I discovered that I absolutely MUST have the most delicious food I can manage (which mostly means “can afford”), so that I don’t feel deprived. There’s no way I would survive on the typical bland diet. You know, half a grapefruit for breakfast, 3 ounces broiled chicken for lunch. Feh. So I’ve put a lot of thought and effort into condiments and — I don’t know what to call them — garnishes, I guess.  I eat a lot of salads, which can become dull, so I dress them up with some diced artichoke hearts, or a few black olives, mandarin oranges, or these delicious roasted peppers, and it makes the salad look fantastic, it adds a lot of flavor, thus making a very appealing meal for not much money and not much added calories. Then I don’t feel deprived, I feel like I’m eating a luxurious diet. I feel very... Zsa Zsa.  The backyard has become  filled  with wildlife recently. The squirrels, of course, are always here, but the migratory birds have started showing up. The hummingbird came three days ago. Usually they show up on May 1, but there’s always an outrider who arrives a couple weeks ahead of that. To set up camp? I don’t know. This year, TWO hummingbirds showed up early, and there have been great, epic battles already. Hummingbirds are very territorial, and I put out only one feeder, because I like to watch them fight. Also, TWO male cardinals have appeared at once. Again with the territorial wars, because when the dust settles we’ll have only one in our yard. The women haven’t arrived yet. We always called them Cardinal Richelieu and his dowdy wife Estelle, because the females aren’t so brightly colored. Last year a second wife was added, so we called her Stella. Neither one is evident yet, but I can’t wait to see how this pans out. It’s sort of the avian version of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice.  2:20 p.m. I just took a break from formatting the proposal and laid in the sun in my backyard for 30 minutes. I know, that’s so unlike me!  5:21 p.m. Done with the proposal for the day. I’ve had enough of sitting at the computer. I got a base coat on the windsor chair, and I think I’ve decided on painting a seashell on the seat, and then some kind of funky-cute pink details on the rest. It’s hard for me to paint “cute,” because I  hate  whimsy, but I don’t think this will be putrid. I hope. Marella is sending in our booth fee and application today, so it’s definite. Or will be soon. Bucko is bringing home Chinese food for dinner, so this won’t be a low calorie day for me, but I’ll try to come in at least within goal. I think I can make that. My high end is 1800 calories, and right now I’m at 912. Should work out.