7:23 a.m. Monday, Day 119. Feeling a bit slow this morning. I think I’m dehydrated — I had both sashimi and red wine last night. Otherwise okay. But the dreams. Gah. Not nightmares, but unpleasant.  So I ended up the week well within goal (one pound per week). According to calculations, I should have lost 1.25 pounds this week. Yes, do you know anyone else who tries to lose weight without a scale and just does the math on paper? As I eventually discovered, initially I was losing MORE weight than what my calculations showed. However, the loss has stopped, or slowed down so much as to be imperceptible, so I’m not confident that I really did lose any this week. I might need another week or so On Plan for it to kick in. But, my method is to use a hypothetical universe, and I’m sticking with it. This way, I get to feel positive and motivated and successful. The calculator says I lost weight. Also, I want to point out that raw tuna is an  excellent  value, calorie-wise.  A good weekend all around, really. Almost finished painting that piano bench, and it looks very nice and beach-y, got some yard work done, went grocery shopping, and picked up a windsor chair and a wine rack to paint. Not sure what I’ll do with them, I’ll have to wait for inspiration. Today I will have to go to The Orifice, but probably just for a few hours. Maybe this Friday I will send in my temp application, unless something else has come up. I have great plans for this week. I will do SensibleGym this morning, because I have been neglecting the weight training aspect of my exercise. I’m going to try really really hard to stay on plan. I’m going to drink all my water. I’m going to get a bunch of stuff crossed off the To Do list. And probably monkeys will fly out my butt.  It very suddenly turned into Spring here.  We’re in the middle of the tree pollen season, where the pine trees shed a fine, greenish powder all over everything, every day, for about three weeks. It is absolute hell for people with allergies, and a great annoyance otherwise. The temperature is so nice, it’s not humid yet, it’s sometimes breezy, everything is growing and it smells wonderful, but you can’t keep the windows open. Oh, you’ll regret it if you do. You’ll wake up at night literally choking on pollen. Your car is covered every day, and you’ll need to wash it a couple times a week if you want to see out the windshield. Everything looks dull and dusty. Then when it finally ends, it’s so damned hot and humid you have to close the windows and put on the AC. That’s when I wonder why the hell I ever moved to the South. But then I talk to my brother in Denver, and he says they just got 8 inches of snow, and I look outside at the green leaves basking in the 85-degree day, and then I remember. Fast forward to August, and I’m DREAMING of a snowstorm. No, I just can’t be satisfied.  4:00 p.m. My god, can that place get any stupider? Or, let me rephrase that: can Crazy Hair get any stupider?  Here is what he did. He sent out an email memo, with attachments, to the FIVE other people who work in the office, describing the office’s printers and their uses and the office’s scanning capabilities. Why is this stupid? Because, of the FIVE other people, all of whom have worked there for years and have used the equipment for years:   One of them is Crazy Hair’s underling, who already knows about the printers and scanners because he wrote part of the memo.   One of them is ME, the Publications Manager, and believe me I know ALL about the printers and scanners, because, you know, officially those are the tools of my trade.   One of them is the Receptionist. No comment about her.   One of them is the Accountant, and she prints only on a confidential-use printer in her office.   One of them is the VP of a large division (not ours), and he is the intended target of the memo. The main message is: “Don’t use  this  printer, use  that  printer. Nyaah nyaah nyahh.” And if you know the personalities involved, you’d realize how insane it is for this low-level project manager to give orders to this high-level VP. And how silly to dress it up as an “all hands” memo. Oh sure, Crazy Hair, that’s going to go over well. He’s like a little boy in some sort of pissing contest. What a dildo.   I guess it’s not funny to anyone but me. That’s work for you.  In other work news, when I walked into the conference room of three men, I received compliments on my appearance (along the lines of "you look nice today" not "have you lost weight?"). No, really I'm not so pathetic that I need that kind of reassurance, but it was a notable event to me. I was like "Huh. Well, okay. Sure."   No, I changed my mind. I AM so pathetic that I need that kind of thing. If anyone else is losing weight solely for their health, I applaud you and you're my hero, but I cannot deny that a LARGE part of my motivation is to look better. So, yeah, I like it when I get compliments from men. So sue me.   In other other news, I didn’t bring lunch with me, and I stayed longer than I expected, so I had 6 hard candies from the receptionist’s desk, which has given me a sugar headache, although fortunately not many calories, and now I’m home ready to eat dinner at 4:21.  8:18 p.m. I’m interested in seeing Troy. I’ve only seen a few brief commercials for it, and I haven’t been able to tell who is cast in what part. I’m really interested to know who Brad Pitt is playing. If you read my Favorite Movie list, you know I’ve become a Pitt fan recently, and also I love the Iliad. He’s such a big star you’d figure he’s playing Achilles, but I just don’t see that. Achilles is so callow sometimes, and Pitt is too mature for that part. By the same token, I can’t see him playing Paris. Orlando Bloom would be perfect for Paris. Which, then? Agamemnon? Hmm, no. Agamemnon is too old. Menelaus? Nah. He’s sort of a weiner. I’m voting for Hector. That’s the only character with the strength and importance for a player like Pitt. In fact, Hector is one of my favorite characters in the story, and doesn’t usually get the attention he deserves. Any one else have any theories? Ooh, ooh, I have another: what if Pitt plays Odysseus, who doesn’t have a giant part in the Iliad, but is perfectly positioned for the  sequel  ? We’ll have to wait and see.