8:20 a.m. Sunday, Day 118.  Feeling okay, slept okay, somewhat better mood. We ran out of Benefiber recently, so I bought a bottle of Metamucil. It’s less than half the price. As I also discovered this morning, the first ingredient is sugar. I don’t know how I managed to miss that on the label. And it’s not dissolving well in my coffee. Also, a few days ago I tried to put it in the CoW, and it turned into a gelatinous mess. So I think we’ll have to go back to Benefiber, even with the cost. I didn’t see any other brands to choose from, but perhaps today I’ll go to the super-expensive trendy “alternative” supermarket and see what they have.   I think I will just make it under goal this week (oppw) if I eat lightly today. It’s been a real struggle. All week I’ve had that panicky feeling every time I felt hungry. Like: whatever meal I’m eating right now is the only one I’ll ever get, and I want it to be good. I can’t tolerate any deprivation, or even moderation. When I’m  not  feeling this way, I realize that if this particular meal isn’t 100 percent fulfilling and filling, so what, there’s another one coming up in a few hours. When I’m in this panic state, I can’t see that, I can’t wait for another four hours. The food becomes the only thing that matters, and nothing else can distract me. Where is this coming from? It reminds me of once (at band camp), a friend’s therapist said that when people become stressed, they develop “tunnel vision,” their peripheral vision actually shuts down. It’s a coping mechanism, to cut down on the amount of distraction until they have dealt with the crisis at hand. Sometimes that’s useful, sometimes it causes them to miss important input.  I feel like I might be focusing on the food and shutting out everything peripheral... possibly the stress of the past couple months, the moving, the job situation? Oh well duh, how long was it going to take me to reach that conclusion? I’ve said before (although I don’t know if I’ve written it here) that I think one of my emotional issues with food is control, that it’s an area of my life where other people cannot control me and I’m the one making the decisions. Maybe when I’m feeling particularly helpless, I want to eat because it puts me in charge.  I have a lot to mull over here, and I’m sorry I can’t write it more succinctly. I am thinking as I type...  Denise, Yvonne, and Mo are having a three-sided discussion about “why do we go off plan when it feels so much better to be on plan,” and I think this is giving me an insight about that particular question, at least in the way it works for me. The equation is not “go off plan = feel bad,” it’s really “feel bad = go off plan.”  Maybe that’s Weight Loss 101 for most people, but I’m just now understanding it for myself. Getting back on plan is not, in itself, going to fix things for me; there are underlying issues that must be dealt with before I have the strength to continue the plan. I’ve always thought that’s why I could never lose weight when I worked full time in That Miserable Hellhole (a.k.a. The Orifice): my level of stress and unhappiness caused both chemical and emotional conditions that prevented it. So now I’m in another, albeit lesser, period of anxiety, and I’m finding it difficult to stick with a rigorous, self-imposed regimen of hard work. Gee, really? Heh. Without jeopardizing my resolve to get BACK on plan, I am not going to beat myself up about this. I’m going to allow myself to feel sad and brave and worthy, and marinate in it to my heart’s content. Then when I’m done with it, I can move on. But the key for me is I have to get DONE with it, not keep ignoring it and suppressing it, because that just prolongs the sitch.