Tuesday, Day Two.  7:29 a.m. Just finished my half can of soup for breakfast.  Man, I woke up hungry!  I'm going to drink another quart of seltzer water today, I imagine.  I also woke up with a wretched headache, which I hope isn't the seltzer water.  Although, I lifted weights and stripped wallpaper yesterday, and I can feel it in my shoulders and neck. So hopefully the headache is muscular.  Ate well last night - four chicken wings, heap of broccoli with no-fat yogurt sauce, some frozen corn with no butter. Also managed to resist dessert - Bucko had the last of the pound cake and ice cream from Christmas, and there was definitely enough for two.  That's fantastic for me.  I had an apple, which was delicious, hence the name.  Also had just the one glass of wine. So it all went quite well.  I wonder, will today be easier or harder?  Yesterday it helped to write in here every couple hours, so probably I'll be doing the same thing today.  I know I will - I'm already writing nonsense just for the sake of writing.  Not sure what else I'm doing today. Haven't heard a word from work, so I guess I'm not going to the office.  I have a few hours, like 20-30, around the end of January, beginning of February, on that one project, but that's all I know about.  I'm assuming they'll close down the office after New Year's.  LATER. 10:09 a.m. Just finished an HOUR of exercise.  Pretty much the marching-in-place thing. I'm sure that sounds lame to someone who is fit, but for me it's a big deal.  And oh it was so boring.  Nothing good on TV, and I don't have any movies to watch.  Maybe I'd better start taping something every day. The Daily Show would be good, because I rarely stay up late enough to watch it. That's only half an hour though, so I need something else too.   Now I'm drinking my tomato juice and having three little celery sticks. They're about as many calories as water, so I'm not concerned with how many I eat, but I don't really have any desire to eat a lot of celery anyway.  I'm going to strip some more wallpaper, wait for the hvac guy to show up, and I don't know what else.  Maybe pack some stuff.  Probably I should paint some more sample boards.  I just need to keep busy.  LATER.  11:36 a.m.  Stripped another two panels of wallpaper.  There's probably only one or two more I can do without help.  I don't think I can reach the ones in the shower, and the mirror will have to be moved.  It might not have paper all the way behind it, but it at least goes in a few inches from the edge.  Just started to get hungry, so I came downstairs for a glass of Orange flavored seltzer water, and saw that it's almost lunchtime. Yay.  Not so much yay for lunch, as yay for not eating anything or even thinking about eating.  I know it's weird to be congratulating myself for a mere hour-and-a-half without eating, but whenever I try to diet, I immediately become obsessed with food.  I try to find a lot of no-cal food so I can eat constantly. Which doesn't work, because I'm still thinking about food and eating it, which doesn't break the habit or pattern or whatever it is.  Although - I'm not going to natter on about my disordered eating patterns, because I don't have any.  Yeah, fine, I'm going to eat less in order to lose weight, and to do that I will have to pull some head games on myself, but the point is that the dieting itself is the disordered eating pattern. So of course it's difficult to make myself behave that way.  This is not about wiping out bad patterns and learning to eat normally.  This is about wiping out normal patterns and learning to eat badly.  Maybe that's why there is such a psychology and industry involved in weight loss.  You have to force yourself to behave abnormally to lose weight, but somehow fool yourself that it's what normal people do.  It isn't.  Normal people eat whatever they want and watch TV all day.  When they start gaining a few pounds around the holidays, they cut down on the desserts and snacking for a few months and lose some weight.  There's only two extremes of the spectrum who eat healthy food and exercise daily: athletes and fat people.  LATER.  12:46 p.m. Damn. The hvac guy came just as I was sitting down to lunch.  I ended up eating in little snatches between dealing with him.  NOT a satisfying meal.  I would have been better off to wait until he was gone and enjoy a real sit-at-the-table meal.  Ah well.  Drinking my seltzer water, and then perhaps I'll have cherry tomatoes later for my afternoon snack.  Right now I'm going to paint some more sample boards, and then perhaps more wallpaper.  2:12 p.m.  Had enough wallpaper stripping for one day.  Also painted a few samples.  As I was coming downstairs I had this little craving to eat — not because I'm hungry, but just starting to get bored without a plan for what to do next.  Will hold out until 3:30, then have cherry tomatoes.  5:19 p.m.  All going well.  Had cherry tomatoes and grapes for a snack.  I don't know how many, I didn't count them.  Maybe 12 tomatoes and 14 grapes. Excellent (Mr. Burns impression).  Cooking dinner now — baked chicken legs, baked sweet potato, and sauteed green beans. Very light on the oil with the green beans — maybe a teaspoon in the whole pan.  It occurs to me that this isn't too difficult when I have good food in the house and the time/desire to prepare it.  When it will be hard is being faced with fast food or grazing on whatever crap is easy to eat.  The smart thing to do on days like that would be to have soup for dinner, or a tuna sandwich, but I think it will be too frustrating — food is such a reward, I won't be happy with a crappy dinner.  Perhaps I'd better make something yummy that I can keep in the freezer for just such an event.  I can see it is very important to make your lifestyle support the diet.  You have to plan and carry out the plan.  Like making sure to shop, preparing the good food, planning ahead for emergencies, avoiding the dangerous situations.  For me, one bad situation is boredom.  I have to find some other kinds of sensory input to take the place of food.  This is funny how I'm writing in here every couple hours.  I'm all for it, if it helps me get through, but it's funny how reporting in makes me feel better.  It makes me feel like someone else cares, even though that someone is really me. Also, I'm starting to be impressed with myself, and have some pride invested in being able to do this, so I enjoy writing about it.  Yeah, I know I'm only half through the second day, but it's a big deal.  It's like being half through the second day of quitting smoking — I had never gone that long without a cigarette since I started!  So far my feeling has been mostly "well, this is going pretty well" tinged with a little bit of "when is the hammer going to fall?"  I really want to be able to do this for a week, and I so do not want to "cheat" and rationalize it to myself.  I want to really be able to do this.  So I have to totally buy into it.  I can't have a little part of my brain saying "you don't really want to do this" or "you can't do it so quit now."  It's frightening how divided my own brain can be, and how many conflicting attitudes and opinions I hold concurrently.  One level will be doing X while another level will try to undermine X.  And probably several more levels doing incompatible things.  It's so much like quitting smoking. I'm not sure when I REALLY committed to doing it — certainly not at the beginning. Sure, one part of me wanted to quit, but another part didn't, in a big way.  For a lot of the time, I felt like I was just going through the motions, and waiting for this little charade to end so I could smoke again. Me and the ciggies, together at last.  Hey, maybe that's why this time I will be able to lose weight.  Maybe this is finally the "right" time.  With the smoking, I had to try several times, and somehow finally all the right things came together at once.  It's not that the last time was so different from the other times, just that I had all the tools together at one time.  So maybe this will be like that.  That would be so nice.  One of the things I really hate about trying to lose weight and not making it, is that I'm in a constant state of failure. Which is not good for the morale.  That's one of the reasons I quit trying — it's better to be fat than to be suffering and struggling and failing like that.  I can put up with a LOT of suffering, but not when it's so pointless and I have the complete power to end it instantly.