7:06 a.m. Friday, Day 116. I'm reasonably okay today. Not chipper, not crappy. Slept okay, but with a disturbing dream in which I killed some people who had broken into the house. I’m trying to figure out the symbology of that one, in light of how depressed I was yesterday, and all I can come up with is feeling beleaguered. Because I wasn’t feeling invaded or attacked. Hmm. I guess this one is just a cigar...?  Anyway. 1312 calories yesterday, even with ribs for dinner, so three good days in a row. That helps. I made the most delicious stir-fry on Wednesday, did I rave about it yet? Celery, carrots, onions, garlic, zucchini, mushrooms, and tofu, spiced with curry powder, thyme, allspice, and ginger. This is only the second time I’ve cooked tofu, and it came out well. I pressed it, which removes some liquid and makes it denser and thus chewy. Then I sauteed it at medium-high temperature, with soy sauce and a dash of sesame oil. I had leftovers of that for lunch yesterday, and green beans for an afternoon snack. Hence the low calories.  I still feel I’m circling on the edge of squirreliness this morning, so I must take care today to stay busy and stave off the gloom. I read the beginning of my journal yesterday, to reinspire myself, and the most obvious thing is that I was dealing with the diet/exercise “one day at a time.” At the most, one week at a time. Apparently for me it’s important to take on challenges in little pieces; I don’t want to see a huge, gray, endless mountain of effort ahead of me (no, really?). If I think of this as a one-week effort, then my brain will make a little contest of it, get psyched into trying to see how well I can eat, how much water I can drink, how many hours I can exercise. If I consider it as a one-year-plus-forever project, then my brain tries to find ways to cheat and lie. Because it seems like a prison sentence, and my brain is very sensibly trying to escape.  I know I won’t have a low-cal day today, but I’m not planning on a huge overage, either. I want to leave room for the martinis, so it’s salad for me for the rest of the day. Isn’t that disordered, to cut out food in order to drink? Yes, I know it is, that question was sort of rhetorical.   Two unrelated things:     You know what I miss about not getting a real paper newspaper anymore? I used to like to read the Lost and Found, and match up the Losers and Finders. You know, “Lost: small brown dog” and “Found: little beige canine.” And draw a line between them. There was always at least one happy ending to be discovered.    Did you know that a person who has the condition  anorexia nervosa  is described as “anorectic,” not “anorexic.”? Well, I know it. Now you do too. Futhermore, “anorexia” means loss of appetite. “Anorexia  nervosa”  means loss of appetite because of psychological reasons.