6:46 a.m. Thursday, Day 115. Had an excellent day yesterday, calorie-wise: 1189. Oh yeah. Also cleaned, painted, painted the trim and door, and redid the caulk in the bathroom. That took a few more hours than I thought — I don’t know why I think I can paint a room in two hours. I’ve done it enough times to know it doesn’t work that way. Anyway, it looks great. I painted the same color, but in flat instead of eggshell, and it’s a big improvement. I love the way flat paint looks. It FEELS awful, but it looks great, and how often do you touch the walls, anyway?  Feeling good this morning. Another decent night of sleep. Made Bucko breakfast (CoW, three eggs, and the last porkchop. Yeah, I’m trying to kill him).  Have another bunch of things on my list today. Need to get cracking on the cover for the proposal, write bills and balance checkbook, prime the new piano bench, and do another item toward getting the house done. Haven’t decided which one, yet. But don’t worry, I have a huge list to consult.  One cup of zucchini has 29 calories. You know, I couldn’t possibly eat more than two cups of zucchini. 58 calories=full stomach. That’s a good deal.  9:13 a.m. Oh boy. This is not going to be a good day. There are many bad omens. I sat down to balance the checkbook, and of course the first thing is how broke we are. I’m transferring the last bit of savings into checking to pay for this month. Second shock: when I tried to transfer funds by phone, the system did not recognize that I have a savings account. Uh-oh. So I had to wait patiently until 9:00 a.m. to call the bank to speak to a real person. Third shock: They’re not answering the phone. Earth Day isn’t a bank holiday, is it? This morning I started the process of uploading Tahiti photos to PhotoIsland. Disconnected so I could use the phone line to call bank. After that, tried to get back into PhotoIsland. Fourth shock: “Server not found.”  How can my bank and my new photo library go belly-up at the same time?  9:18 a.m. Okay, got through to the bank, and they do think I have a savings account. An ever-dwindling account Whew!  2:20 p.m. And PhotoIsland is working now too. Whew, again. And by the way, I have put up my diary of the   Tahiti trip,  if anyone is interested. But don’t feel obligated to feign interest.  5:32 p.m. I’m having kind of a bad day.  I guess it started with balancing the checkbook and realizing how quickly we are running out of money. I’m so frustrated with the concept of jobs and work. Yeah, I know, poor me, I’m the only one to suffer so. Well, just because it’s a mundane and unavoidable part of life doesn’t mean I’m not going to complain about it. Anyway, I’ve been kind of moody and of exceptionally low self-esteem today, even for me. And yet, I got a lot of stuff accomplished, which I don’t usually do when I’m mopey. I worked 3 or 4 hours on real work, for which I will get paid, I cleaned and primed that new piano bench, gave it a first coat, and I’ve eaten nothing but vegetables all day. It’s 5:30 and I’ve had 430 calories so far. Which is good, because I’m about to have a whopping big pork rib for dinner. Also, managed to avoid buying or drinking any alcohol. I was on the verge — like, putting my shoes on and grabbing my car keys — to go get a bottle of vodka and some vermouth, and have a delicious icy cold martini or two, as some sort of salve for the wounds of the day (that sounded kind of literary and cool) but stopped myself short. Partly because I’m trying to drink less, mostly because I didn’t want to screw up my great calories today. So I know I should be impressed with my initiative and fortitude, but they ain’t paying the bills. However, TOMORROW is drinking night, and you bet your ass I’m having martinis!  Tomorrow will be better. It’s all okay. I promise.