6:46 a.m. Wednesday, Day 114. Feeling quite chipper today. Last night I slept ALL THE WAY THROUGH.  That happens to me so rarely, maybe a couple times a year. Plenty of dreams, but nothing notable or disturbing. Just random snippets.   A reasonable total yesterday, 1500 calories even. That’s right in the middle of my range, so I’m not unhappy with it, but would like to go lower today. I will plan on an all-vegetable day, that usually does it.  I ate breakfast so early today I will be starving by 9:00.  I bought another piano bench yesterday for $15. Looks like Marella and I will do the Topsail show in June, so I need to get to work. I’m trying to do mainly furniture this year, not all that little stuff like switchplate covers and boxes.  1:54 p.m. Doing well with the food, but almost had An Incident with wasabi peas. Those things are so delicious, and I had settled in to mindlessly munching on them. Sadly, they are not devoid of calories and fat. Fortunately I noticed what I was doing and stopped at a reasonable quantity. It’s been recommended, many times, that one should not do anything else while eating — no TV, no reading — and I see the value of that. I’m at 511 calories right now, with dinner still to go. We’re having salmon (I forgot it was in the fridge, and it needs to be eaten today, so much for all-veg day) but I will also make a zucchini and tofu stir fry. Load me up on protein! Whoo-hoo! Anyway, that should work out fine to stay within goal.  2:30 p.m. I’m trying to get a LOT of things done today, and I’m losing steam. Besides exercise, an hour of “real” work, and of course writing obsessively in my journal, I’m painting the downstairs bathroom. I’m most of the way done, now it’s just the trim and redoing the grout. Heh, “just.” That will take as long as the walls, since the trim is filthy and I’ll need to clean that and the floor first.  Also trying to clean our filthy upstairs shower, on and off for a couple days. Haven’t found anything that will make the floor white again, not even straight bleach. That’s not a good sign...  I miss Daisy. I haven’t seen her since the 14th, which according to my calculations is 7 days. Seems longer.