7:08 a.m. Monday, Day 112.  Here is what I dreamed last night: I dreamed I was in art school, and the classes sucked and the tuition was high, and we were obviously getting massively ripped off by the school. So I tried to lead a student revolt, get the administrators to concede to our demands, but I was having a hell of a time organizing anyone, because we were Weeble-type people, about three feet tall, and also we were filled with straw and damp lawn clippings inside. So the evil school administration was having NO problem slicing us down, literally. Near the end of the movie, I mean dream, I discovered a secret agricultural and manufacturing plant in the school, where I learned that they had actually created us, as soul-less and un-free creatures designed specifically to do their bidding. Which bidding was to go to their crappy art school. Whatever.  So the beach was great. The water was too cold to swim, but we were happy to sit on our chairs, drink, read, and watch the waves. Very relaxing. Picked up a little tan, very little burn. I’ve never been one for “laying out”, mostly because for most of my life I wouldn’t be seen in public in a bathing suit, but also because I can think of few things as tortuous as sweating in the hot hot sun for the sake of a tan. Now I have reached a place in my life where these two things are irrelevant: 1) I don’t care what people think of me in my bathing suit, and 2) sitting on the beach with friends, beer, munchies, and a book is not tedious.   I didn’t track my food AT ALL. It was as though the entire concept just flew out of my brain as soon as I got in the car. Fortunately, the concept of dieting didn’t entirely fly out; I ate as well as I could in the circumstances. So as in Tahiti, I’m using a high guesstimate for those two days, which has me ending the week at slightly over goal, meaning I didn’t lose any weight but didn’t gain any either. Will try the mShorts later and see if any progress has been made by that yardstick. Here's a nice Progress Point: I haven’t been to the beach since last summer, and I was pleased to see that this time I didn’t have any trouble slogging the two blocks of sand-filled pathway from the Love Shack to the water. I mean, it’s still a workout for my calves, but I was able to do it without gasping and nearly having a heart attack, as in previous years. Good on me.  10:12 a.m. Finished 40 minutes of glider sprints (whew!) and two big plates of lettuce salad with red pepper slices.  Working on my second glass of water; I must concentrate on water this week and get my consumption up to a reasonable level. I’m carrying around the timer to remind me to drink. For some reason I have to keep relearning two of the basics of weight loss: 1) drink a LOT of water, 2) make sure you have good food in the house and with you out of the house, and the corollary to #2, make sure you don’t have BAD food in the house, because you WILL eat it.  A lot to do today, and not sure whether I’m going to The Orifice. Possibly not, but probably tomorrow and some hours the rest of the week. I have some work I can do at home. Also need to grocery shop and vacuum. The floor is DISGUSTING. Our vacuum cleaner is dying a slow death, so I haven’t been using it much. Also need to work on the candle holder. And the giant list of things to do around the house in order to sell it. Yeah, like that'll happen.  P.S. no progress with the mShorts.  4:22 p.m. Got about half of my agenda accomplished, and some extra credit assignments thrown in (clean the shower and dust). Had a huge pile of shrimp for lunch, for 420 calories. MUCH higher than my typical lunch, but on the other hand, as a result I haven’t snacked all afternoon. So it’s a tradeoff, my total for the day should be within goal. It’s actually hot today; I haven’t seen the weather but I’m going to guess in the mid 80s. Hello summer!  Not quite, it’s nowhere near the heat and humidity that it’ll be in June, but still it’s pretty toasty. All the sweating makes me think I’m working harder than I am. That would make an excellent fake-French name: S'elf De Lujion.