7:34 a.m. Friday, Day 109.  I’m feeling rather hideous this morning. Physically, anyway.  Had a WEE bit too much wine last night, so I fell asleep very early, then of course woke up at 2 a.m. and didn’t get back to sleep until after 5. On the bright side, I saw a really great movie,   All That Heaven Allows,  which is partly why I was up so long, I couldn’t stop watching it. There’s a scene I loved, where all the bohemian people have a merry little dinner with much laughing and dancing afterward, that is so much what I wanted to describe in my   Perfect Day  story. Has anyone else seen that movie? The IMDB review by “Alex V” is spot on. I want to say that Rock Hudson is certainly tall and handsome, but his acting wasn’t anything outstanding in this. I haven’t seen many of his films, but I have the impression he’s better in comedy. Secondly, did anyone see a similarity to   Far From Heaven,  at least in the beginning of the movies? I wonder if that was deliberate, especially considering the titles; Far From Heaven is  almost  a retelling of the story, with a different ending. I’ll bet they were both books, too, and I’m going to look for them. Hopefully will have the same names... And on a related thought, Dennis Haysbert is one of my favorite actors, and I really don’t think he should be doing television commercials, especially for  Allstate,  for crying out loud.  The other bright side is that I came in under goal (the high end, anyway) even with the wine and subsequent munchies. So I’m not proud of myself, but not cringing in guilt, either.  We’re going to the beach this weekend (staying with friends for FREE), and leaving this afternoon as early as Bucko can get off work. Which might be around 3.  I’m going to drive to Marella’s and leave my car there, and he can pick me up. Because that’s on the way to the beach, and if he had to come home to get me, it would add another hour onto the trip. So my point is, I’ll need to leave here no later than 2 and possibly earlier, so I have to get everything accomplished early, including shopping for weekend food. And I’m dragged out and haggard, and already behind schedule. Oh yes, life is so hard, I have to RUSH around preparing for a little beach vacation. Can you believe how much I whine about everything?? At least when I catch myself doing it I’m embarrassed.  11:38 a.m. Just back from the grocery store. No email or messages from The Orifice, so that’s good. I was afraid I’d get a ton of work today and have to make the difficult choice between getting paid and going to the beach. I have a little bit of a headache, not surprising. Also, after I went on and on yesterday about eating soup for breakfast for four months, today I broke the pattern and had a leftover chicken breast and a banana. I didn’t want to open a can of soup and then have the second half sitting in the frig until Monday morning. It’s not like it would actually go bad, but I can’t see it improving, either.  I tried to buy a bunch of food to bring with us; since we stay with our friends at their house I feel obligated to chip in more than the usual amount with food. The problem is, I just can’t find anything at the supermarket that’s both convenient and healthy (and also affordable and palatable). It would be easiest to get a bunch of chips, pretzels, frozen pizza, and cookies and that crap, but no way am I eating it, and I don’t want to risk having it around.  So I compromised with ONE bag of chips, of a kind that I don’t like so I won’t be too tempted, a couple packages of “trail mix” type snackies (dried fruit, nuts, some crackers), a bunch of bananas, apples, 2 canteloupes, and 24 bottles of beer. Which I will drink probably 4 of. Also I’m making a giant salad, and I’ll bring it in a cooler so it doesn’t get all wilty, and I can eat it whenever, and anyone else can join in. I’m bringing soup for my breakfast, and also a couple cans of tuna and salmon. Some homemade burritos for Bucko (I don’t eat them because I can’t find low-fat tortillas and so the calories are too high). And for dinner we’ll either go to a seafood restaurant or buy fresh from the market. I think I’ll survive.  So no updates until Monday or maybe Tuesday. Bye bye.