1. Blogs, for starters.  2. Anime. Japanimation. Other Japanese cultural things like Hello Kitty. Not that I have anything against the Japanese, and certainly I appreciate their expertise in the delicious raw fish with rice department, but my generation had no particular interest in Japan. We were more into the Vietnamese, Cambodians, and Indians. Also Native Americans and sometimes Africans.  3. TiVo. You kids have just got to stop watching so much television. It’s not  good  for you.  4. X-boxes, iPods, and other things with a “single-letter-then-a-word” name. It’s as though I have a mental block (an m-Block) that prevents me from understanding what these things are, except that I know they are not the same thing. I think.  5. Sleeping in bed and cuddling with a person of the opposite sex, but not having sex with them.  I’ve read of this in more than one blog, and several times in Tomato Nation, where a date of sorts takes place, including spending the night together in the same bed, but no sex occurs. Listen up, young persons. I know you’re going to think I’m an old fogey, but in my day a primary objective of a date was to have sex, or “hook up” as it were. Also, you’re not doing enough drugs.  6. Reality TV. Hmm. I’ll admit the first few seasons of “The Real World” were entertaining, in a horrible sort of way, but enough’s enough.  These programs are so devoid of content they’ve resorted to minutes of ominous-sounding music with out-of-context shots of silent people gazing thoughtfully/recklessly/intrepidly/blankly/balefully at what is probably a small bug walking up the wall. Also, I have never heard such inarticulate human speech since The Planet of the Apes. I am sick unto death of hearing people end a sentence with "so...." instead of making the effort to put their thoughts into words. "So" is just as semantically null a term as "you know," and we must all work together to wipe it out.  7. Girls Gone Wild, and other similar flashing of the tits for the camera.  This is going to require its own separate long-winded essay.   A thing I have always wanted to say   “You mark my words!”  I’m just waiting for an appropriate time, but you better believe that someday I’ll say it. Yep, I sure will.