7:11 a.m. Thursday, Day 108. Feeling remarkably good this morning, considering my typical night. Somewhat less dream-filled, so maybe I slept deeper, or woke less often. Who knows. Bucko says I don’t snore much anymore (a benefit of weight loss!) so I can’t even blame that. He suggests setting up a camera at night, to see what the hell happens that disturbs my sleep so much. Perhaps trolls come out from under the bed and have loud parties, or perhaps Bucko just jabs me with pins every few minutes.   I got up early enough this morning to make breakfast for Bucko. I love doing that, it’s so homey and romantic. I made him Cream o’ Wheat (he likes it), slipping in a little extra fiber in the form of Benefiber powder, three scrambled eggs, and a pot of green tea. I’ve never made C o W before (or eaten it, for that matter), and I’m not sure it was entirely successful.  It seemed a bit thin. He said it was okay, but that he usually makes the next larger amount listed on the instructions (two cups rather than one cup) and it comes out thicker. So that’s how I’ll make it next time.  I have half a can of soup every day for breakfast. Except for vacation, I haven’t varied from that in 108 days.  Recently, I have settled on Progresso Southwestern-Style Chicken, and nothing else will do. I won’t eat any other soup, I love that stuff. It makes a bizarre sameness to my mornings: Day 1 of the soup, no matter how hard I try, I can never get exactly half the soup out of the can, and no matter how I stir it up, I can’t get half the rice. So Day 1 is always a smaller, thinner soup day, and I have to eat an apple at 10:00. Day 2 is always a larger, thicker day, and there’s no apple. And that’s how my life alternates, Day 1 / Day 2 / Day 1 / Day 2, on into infinity.  A largish day yesterday, calorie-wise (1900), which is 102 calories over my limit. It was a three-martini day, because of going out with Daisy, who wisely had two Bloody Marys, not three. However, she weighs HALF of what I do and can easily get drunk on two drinks, the cheap whore. We both ordered salads, and the way they are prepared in restaurants is not exactly low-cal, but I ended up eating mine largely without dressing because firstly, the waiter forgot to bring it and it took about 15 or 20 minutes to flag him down and get it, and secondly I didn’t like it once he brought it. Took most of the salad home, and ate it with my own lite oil and vinegar dressing. So I figure 1900 is not bad for an “away” day, and I’ll spend today compensating.    Here is a nice little  Progress Point:  I can wear some necklaces that I haven’t worn for years.  I have all sorts of awkward, kludged-together extensions on most of my necklai, so they can fit around my neck, and have recently discovered that I can, in many cases, remove them.  Yesterday I just couldn’t stand to glide or SensibleGym or bellydance, so I put on my brand new Best of KC and the Sunshine Band, and danced around the house to almost the whole thing (40 minutes worth).  According to the calorie calculator I use, that’s 423 calories!  Heck, that almost balances out the martinis. A small anecdote: One time, Bucko and I were in Charleston for the weekend, and after dinner we walked around in the   Battery district * where all the giant houses are. There was obviously a party going on in one of these mansions — catering trucks, parking valets, security, lights in the garden. We could hear “I’m Your Boogie Man” coming from somewhere inside, and stopped on the sidewalk to listen. After only a couple minutes we realized “Oh, that’s LIVE music, how neat,” and then only another couple beats before we realized “Yes, and that’s  the  KC and the Sunshine Band performing it.” How cool would that be? And if you could hire a major band from the 70s to play at your party, who would you want?  *I have no idea who the people are who took these pictures, I just Googled until I found some nice shots.  I did NOT fax in my application. Partly because I am scared and skittish, partly because it looks like I have some hours at my “real” job this week and next. Yeah, I’ve been burned by that before, but I think this might be real. And it’s easier to earn the money at The Orifice than at a temp job, to whit: I only have to work about 13 hours to make the same amount as 40 hours temping. As long as I can get two days a week, I’m better off. So here’s my middle-of-the-road, no-real-decision plan: today I will get everything filled out, printed out, ready to go. I will put it in a nice clean folder by the computer. As soon as the schedule at The Orifice begins to go awry, I’ll shove it in the fax machine and hit Send.  Has anyone noticed that when there’s just a few pickles left in the jar, floating around near the bottom in the brine, they look a lot like green turds floating in a greenish-water toilet? Yes, I know that was gross and childish, but it really struck me.