6:49 a.m. Wednesday, Day 107. Feeling good this morning. A typical night for me, too many dreams, woke up several times but not for any length of time. No actifed, no melatonin. Just a chocolate brownie right before bedtime.  My total yesterday isn’t bad (1564), but it sure would have been better without the brownie. I did a little shopping yesterday and bought stuff for dinner at Daisy’s: salad, asparagus, sweet potatoes, and a brownie each for dessert. But when I talked to her on the phone last night, she wants to go OUT tonight. Not cook at home. So there I was stuck with two brownies in the house. So I ate half of one. And it was so good, I ate the other half. Then I felt like an eating disordered freak on a giant binge, mindlessly putting food into my mouth until finally my stomach could handle no more (Mr. Creosote, anyone?). And THEN I realized I had only eaten one small brownie, that there was a second brownie in the fridge that I didn’t touch, and I was still under my goal calories, so no need for panic. But it was a fun little drama for a couple minutes.  See, this is what I hate about dieting. I mean, not the ONLY thing I hate about dieting. I hate obssessing about food, about every bite, counting up my calories and deciding if I’m “allowed” to have this. I hate having such a disturbed relationship with food.  Happily, it doesn’t feel like that all of the time. I’ve adjusted pretty well to the type and amount of food I’ve been eating, so I don’t always feel like I’m on a diet, I don’t always feel deprived. Just sometimes.  I have another little separate essay today, which is   here.  I don’t know any other place to put these things than in a fake-dated part of the blog, in case anyone is wondering how I come up with all this retroactive writing. Anyway, this is my response to Daisy’s question,  “If you could live an ideal, perfect day, what would it be?”   You can see mine is very diet-and-fitness oriented, because that's my mindset when I wrote it. The idea was, a perfect day  that’s currently within your grasp,  but I embellished mine a little bit, by transporting myself to a warm climate with a beach, and sort of fantasizing about my degree of financial success (no job!). But you know what? If I was super-wealthy, it would still be pretty much the same day. This is a fun exercise, because of course it makes you think, “What’s stopping me from doing this now?” and possibly you will start living closer to your ideal.   Several Times My Life Has Backfired   1. Never copy what your cool older brother does. Like all the kids in my family, my brother was a talented artist. In high school, he did a lot of detailed pencil drawings, mostly copies of album covers and pages from Sports Illustrated. The most famous piece he did was a copy of the Olivia Newton John album, where she is wearing a denim shirt opened at the throat. Everyone thought it was wonderful (except my parents, who never noticed anything we did), and he got a lot of attention for it at school, partly because of his drawing ability and partly because of the subject matter. She was quite the hot stuff, back then. So I, a girl in junior high, immediately decided to emulate my cool brother, and drew (drawed?) a big old picture of the Camel Man. Or possibly another brand of cigarettes, I don’t remember. But if you lived in the seventies, you’ll remember this guy. Dark hair, moustache, very handsome and manly of course, wearing a denim shirt opened at the throat. Well, the perfect corollary to what my god-like older brother did, I thought. Only I didn’t get the same reaction at school. I got a lot of snickers and weird comments from the adults that I didn’t quite understand, sort of implying that I was one to “keep an eye on,” and so forth.  I didn’t quite get that they were implying I was some sort of nymphomaniac, but I did get quite clearly the idea that I’d done something embarrassing. Again.  2. Still, never copy what your cool older brother does. My brother, three years older than me, was one of the most popular kids in school. I was one of the least popular. We were never in the same school at the same time, but his legacy was always there to greet me (or slap me upside the head, more commonly). When he was in high school (I’m talking about Boulder, Colorado in the early-mid 1970s) the cool thing to wear was: hiking boots, Levis boot-cut jeans, Tshirt or flannel shirt, denim jacket, and down vest. That’s what ALL the cool guys wore, and most of the cool girls, only instead of flannel they wore a turtle-neck sweater with a thin gold chain around their necks. So when I got to high school, I was determined that FOR ONCE in my life I would be cool, I wouldn’t be the awkward, weird geek. I insisted to my parents that I must have a down vest. They didn’t want to fulfill this request, because the vests are kinda expensive. Somehow my whining prevailed, and they bought me a poly-fiber filled vest from Sears. Instead of the down vest from North Face. It was HUGE, and completely non-pliable. It fit around me like a turtle shell. But I wore it. Oh yes, I was desperate.  Somehow, it didn’t achieve the desired popularity. In fact, I had an even worse time fitting in. Few of my friends (or even enemies) from junior high attended that high school, and I didn’t have a single class with any of them, anyway. I didn’t know ANYONE, and couldn’t seem to establish any sort of friendships or even acquaintanceships, even among the nerdy group I would normally belong to.  I drifted out to the smokers’ area, where the bad stoner kids hung out, and that’s where I stayed for the rest of high school, and you can indeed assume THAT had a big effect on my life. Eventually more than one person made a comment to me about the “down” vest — along the lines of, “I didn’t know if I should talk to you at first, because obviously you’re a Goat-Roper, not a Freak.” Which was how we classified kids from farms and ranches, or who dressed as though they were, and the stoners. And believe me, there was NO interaction allowed between those two groups. I realized, sometime during that first year of high school, that a significant part of my isolation and loneliness had been caused by that one garment. Sometime before I reached sophomore year, the down vest had migrated from “cool” clothing to “goat-roper” clothing, and I never realized it. I’d typecast myself into the wrong clique, and gotten a reputation as a poser, someone who jumped from nerd to cowboy to freak and back again, so I wasn’t liked by any of the groups. Irony, anyone?  Well, I’d meant that story to be funnier and less angst-filled, but apparently it still bothers me 27 years later. You know, one of the cruelest aspects of the absolutely rigid caste system in high school is that the unpopular kids are supposed to acknowledge, accept, and even participate in their own low status. You’re simply not allowed to step outside certain boundaries, and if you do, you’ll suffer for it. In retrospect, I wonder why I couldn’t observe that the vest was sartorially incorrect for myself. But I guess that’s the very quality that made me not a popular kid — I couldn’t figure out what to do to fit in. Because believe me, I wanted to. I wanted to be the biggest conformist on the planet, but I could never seem to get it right.  It was only after the vest incident that I gave up and became self-righteously and virulently an outsider and a bad kid. I think I decided that I was helpless to control any part of my life, in a world where such a tiny detail could have such ultimate, Kafka-esque result (please see the movie "Brazil" for perfect analogy to this story). And when you feel helpless, or scared, you become angry. Or at least, I do.  Has anyone seen “Romy and Michelle’s High School Reunion”? Remember the Janeane Garofalo character? THAT was ME.  10:45 a.m. Last week I got a coupon at the grocery store for a free package of Brown ’n Serve rolls.  I don’t eat white bread these days, but I thought since it’s free, I might as well get it and feed it to the squirrels. We have several squirrels in our backyard, and I feed them with leftover bread or crackers. These are the kind of rolls that are somewhat raw, you have to finish them in the oven. So I baked them, and the next day fed a couple to the squirrels. Bucko said “You realize you are baking for squirrels.”  That will be the name of a famous documentary film I will someday make. Baking for Squirrels.