6:41 a.m. Tuesday, Day 106. Something must be done about the dreams. I can't handle it anymore. How am I supposed to get any rest with these epic movies playing in my head all night? I feel okay this morning, just a little unrested, and slightly sore from SensibleGym yesterday.   It's going to be another cold, rainy day today, so I must try to keep up my spirits. First goal: finish and fax in my application to temp services. I don't know if I have any work at The Office; Warren never replied to my messages yesterday. That's typical of the way things have been going there, and why I've somehow let three months skip along before I suddenly realized I wasn't getting paid anything. Friday he emailed me and said something not-quite-clear, like "I'm going to have drawings for you I need Monday."  So I wrote back and asked "Do you have them ready for me now, or you will have them for me on Monday?" He wrote back a one-word reply: "Monday."  Okay. So Monday morning I emailed him and said "Let me know if/when you need me to come in and work on those drawings."  Never heard from him. No email reply, no voice message, and he's not answering his phone. From which I deduce he probably took a vacation day Monday. Which, you know, is fine, he's allowed to do that, but I had the expectation of WORK on Monday. Paying work. Now I don't know when this work occurs, if at all. I can't keep delaying finding other jobs because of promised work that never materializes. Yes, it's my responsibility to figure that out and do something about it, but I want a little sympathy, at least, for being strung along like this.  Anyway. Talked to Daisy very briefly yesterday, and we will try to have dinner after work on Wednesday. That will give me something to look forward to. I hope to do some more work on the candle holder today. I'm not entirely happy with the color of the base coat, possibly because I can't quite decide what color I want it to be, so it's a bit of a hodgepodge. My plan today is to decide whether to go more yellow-ochre or more burnt sienna, and then mix up a spit coat of the chosen hue (haven't decided whether glaze or polyurethane) and give it several light coats to solidify the color and add some depth. It's supposed to look like a painted piece, I'm not doing a faux wood grain, but I don't want a competely flat appearance, either.  I want it to look like it's had 190 years of beeswax polish.  Had a medium-day yesterday, calorie-wise. Up near the top of my limit, but not over. Mostly because we had Quiznoids subs for dinner. I was at the end of my rope with that application (more later), the weather was depressing as hell, and I was getting cranky, so I asked Bucko to pick up dinner on the way home. Usually that means a Wendy's salad for me, but I wanted something warm, so I got a sub AND a small clam chowder. So there is no denying I was comforting myself with food. Can't say I feel guilty; I think it's pretty normal to want a tasty hot meal after a day like that. And it was perfect — I set up TV trays in the drawing room in front of the fireplace, and it was indeed cozy and happy and a nice end to the day. To me, eating on a TV tray is the height of luxury, and in fact it's best if you have a TV dinner to go with it. But it's got to be an old-style meal, like Swanson Salisbury steak with potatoes and corn. When we were little kids, and our parents managed to get a sitter and go out for a movie or whatever, they'd put us in our jammies a little early, so the babysitter wouldn't have to deal with it, and instead of eating at the dining room table like usual, we'd have our supper on trays in front of the television (television also not part of normal meals), AND we were allowed to have soda instead of milk. It's a pretty exciting break from routine, when you're six. So the only thing missing from that wonderful picture last night is that I no longer own footie pajamas, and I drink neither soda nor milk.  So here's the thing that was frustrating me about filling out that application. It wasn't a bad one, even, as far as those things go. It really did ask for the minimum required information, but I was having a hard time coming up with that info.  I've worked at the same company for 11 years, and there is not a single person who was there when I started. The company has been sold twice, and while my job title was never taken away from me, it's never been exactly confirmed, either.  When we were bought by a larger company, we (this particular office) went from being the corporate headquarters of a small-to-medium sized IT firm to a remote, unimportant satellite office of a large IT firm. Which then, as with fishies, was swallowed by a yet larger IT firm, who apparently are not even aware we exist. Well, this part is a tangent and has nothing to do with filling out the application, except to say that it's sometimes difficult to describe exactly what I do in my company, and where I do it. The problem part of the process was filling out the information for my  previous  job. The one that ended 11 years ago. NONE of those people are still there. The company is now in another building. The phone number is different. The division I used to work for was combined with other divisions and renamed. So there is absolutely no reasonable point of reference I can give my prospective employers to check up anything about me. I figured the best I could do is give them the HR department of the corporate headquarters, in D.C.  So I went to the website of this very large, multinational IT company, and from there spent over an hour trying to find a phone number, ANY phone number, for this company. I progressed from attempting to find the number for corporate HR to looking in a local phone book to find the number for a branch of the company at which I never worked. And that's what I'm putting on my application, because fuck it.  I know, that doesn't sound like much of an annoyance to send me into a tizzy for the afternoon, but of course it's not JUST the phone number. It's the stress and fear and uncertainty of looking for a job, in a very depressed market, for the first time in 11 years. It's all my anxiety and confusion about even wanting another job, because I don't. I hate the industry I'm in, I don't like the work any more, and I cannot STAND the office environment. Like it almost makes me physically ill to walk into a corporate setting, whether it's my company or another. After 21 years of this, I already know what the new job will be like. I already know all the office personalities, all the cliques and factions, the evil managers, the weak managers, the nice receptionist and the mean receptionist, the arrogant but stupid VP, the arrogant and nasty VP, the constant reorganization and ensuing chaos, the copy machine that dies every other week, the email glitches, the network problems with the intranet, impossible-to-please clients, deadlines compressed to the density of black holes, hours of uncompensated overtime, working weekends, the afternoon headaches of missed lunches and dehydration, and above all the endless meetings where nothing is accomplished that couldn't have been done in a three-line email, and I watch the clock while the seconds and minutes and hours of my life tick by, tick tick tick.   Not that I'm bitter or anything.  So naturally I'm not looking forward to finding another job. My current one is bad enough. My hope for the temporary service is just to get a paycheck while I regroup and figure out what to do. Sadly, it's not going to be a BIG paycheck, and it's unlikely I will find temporary work within my field. But as Daisy has pointed out, a day spent filing papers and answering the phone is a day with much less stress than we're used to. Not that I am downplaying the problems and issues of clerical jobs, I'm saying that when you do it as a temp, nobody really expects much of you. You're a warm body, and if you can do the work itself adequately, that's all that's required.  8:19 a.m. My life goes round in circles... Here is an email this morning from Warren: "...There will be some slippage on the schedule, but we are continuing to push forward... for planning purposes, why don't you plan on going into heavy rotation next Monday. I will probably have some resumes and corporate references to you by mid week this week. By the way, we are looking seriously at another proposal... due on May 10. Do you think you could support us on that one if we go for it?"  So what the hell am I supposed to do? I mean, I'm going to submit my application to the temps, but what the hell do I do if they call and say "can you work tomorrow?" which is what happened to Daisy.  8:25 a.m. Just received an email about the CoM project, stating that it should be back online in a few days.   My brain hurts.   9:20 a.m. Did 30 minutes of glider sprints, I'm wiped out!  Now I'm reading some   Mimi Smartypants.   Yes, I know I'm the last person in the universe to discover that particular blog, but let me say she is HILARIOUS and her daughter is adorable. I mean, ADORABLE.  I will be going in to The Office (or as Bucko calls it, "The Orifice") early this afternoon to pick up those drawings. Hope to talk to Warren about this upcoming work, i.e., how concrete is any of it? Hope to avoid Crazy Hair and Overly-Talkative Receptionist. There are only five full-time people left in an office that once had over 200. They don't have enough work to do, they're bored and restless and lonely, and they POUNCE on anyone who comes in the front door. Fresh blood. I can understand and sympathize, but the thing is, I work part-time. I'm paid hourly. Hourly, people.  So I really don't want to stand here and chat with you for an hour, and you for half an hour, and YOU for 90 minutes, because I can't charge for any of that, and I've just spent three UNPAID hours in a place I hate. I try to fob them off as politely as possible, but I have become  very  firm about it, and not so concerned any more about whether it hurts anyone's feelings.  I've written so much today, I'm going to post now. Maybe that will shut me up.