         THANK YOU TO MY "MONDAY CREW" BUDDIES (Alice, Ifang, Allen, Mateo, and Munch) FOR THE ALBUM AND LETTERS.  You all touched my heart so much (Allen, dude, your letter nearly made me choke up and start crying again. :) )  You all are soooo special to me, and we BETTER keep in touch.  I am already contracted to sing for Allen's and Ifang's weddings...anyone else???? I would looooove to, and I wanna know all about your lives in the meantime. :)   Sunday was one of the most memorable days of my life.  I can't remember having felt so loved by friends before.  It was awesome to sing a special praise song for EM service with you guys (and of course Munch, who was actually ushering for offering).  Send me a copy of the tape! I want it for a keepsake (Oh Ifang, the song we sang was "He's Always Been Faithful' by Sara Groves, not "Sarah Owens"!).  But even more memorable was worshipping our hearts out, squished in the same pew, bumping elbows as we clapped and danced and sang.  Dangit, I had been so proud of myself that I had not yet broken down weeping this past weekend, but when the worship team led us into "Your Beloved", I couldn't keep from crying.   There were two things that pushed me over the teary edge. First of all, the central message of that song to me are in the lines "Lord who am I compared to you glory? O Lord, Lord, who am I compared to your majesty?" The rhetorical answer to those questions is "I am nothing, absolutely nothing", and yet we can sing, " I am Your Beloved, Your Creation, and You love me as I am."  At that moment, sitting with you guys worshipping, realizing that it would be one of the last times in a long time that we would be doing that altogether, God's ineffable grace hit home to me.  What the heck did I do to deserve so much love from God and from people? What did I do to deserve salvation and sanctification??? NOTHING.  If anything, I am a gross offense to God. And what's more amazing is that, because I can not do anything of my own strength to be how I should be before God, He loves me the way that I am.  I am still trying to comprehend that! He loves me as I am.  But I see that in my friends' love for me. They love me as I am.  They do not try to change me, but encourage Christ in me to shine more fully, because He is my essence.    Secondly, the song made me cry thinking about Korea.  I sang that song almost everday while I was out there the summer of 1998, by myself at the piano, in Handong's little chapel.  So at the same time that the song made me relish the fellowship of my friends right next to me, it helped me look back at the past and ahead to the future too, seeing a small glimpse of the broad horizon of God's plan.  It's comforting knowing that He is bigger than my plans, my mistakes, my failures....and that He is bigger than my victories too. The past five years have been full of all of these, and yet God remains true to Himself, and therefore to me, because I AM HIS OWN. unbelievable.  I would not have guessed that He would take me back to Handong, but here I go!  And I go a very different person, more seasoned, more aware of my sinful nature, and therefore more astounded by His grace. Korea is going to be another stepping stone for me, I can sense it.  I'm going to learn more of what He's created me for. Me, Sandy Chi, created in the image of God, but uniquely so, and uniqely loved, reflecting His infinite-dimensionality.  Me, Sandy Chi, created in Christ Jesus to do His good works, which He planned beforehand that I might walk in them.    Thank you to everyone who gathered around and prayed for me after the service!  Darren, Allen, and Ifang, thanks for your tears and your spoken representative prayers...I won't forget them.  Jan, thanks for our wonderful tete-a-tete at Tani's and 88 Rice Bowl.  I am glad that I got to spend my last couple of hours in SF with you.  I want you to know that I thank God that He gave us the chance to renew our friendship, to heal the past, and to seal our sisterhood.  You are one-of-a-kind, and I am going to miss you sooo much. You came back into my life and out again like a whirlwind, but I guess 4 months is all we really needed to start over with a stronger foundation of mutual trust, respect, and love in Christ.  WMH, WMDR, WWW! Kick butt in NY, and I will be praying for you.  When I come to visit, let's play hardy! You're ultra ultra special, so don't EVER settle ( you know what I am talkin about :))!!!!!!!  Ask Keith, I overwhelmed him with all the adjectives I used to describe your specialness.:)  My drive down was wonderful.  Didn't leave until 4, and didn't get home until 10:30 (took a nap in the middle), but the drive was so awesome.  I had plenty of time to pray and think. Pray for people I love. Sing and sing. Car-dance (ie, busting the groove behind the wheel. hehe) :).  It was a good way to have my own private, drawn-out goodbye.  The moon was beautiful last night-- round, full, anchored in the sky, and resplendent.  It looked exactly the way I felt.