         It's getting cooooold. I walked out of my apartment this morning, and it felt like San Francisco! Not as windy, but there was something about the air-- the chill, the smell, the shape and color of the clouds-- that made me think of and miss SF.  So all morning, flashes of San Francisco scenes have been invading my mind's eye:   the alleyway outside my SoMa apartment, crowded with cars......the view of misty mountains and Crystal Springs from the 280....the gloomy fog surrounding St. Emydius on a late Friday afternoon, just before FiCY.....briskly walking against the wind on Irving Street to grab a bite of Thai food or buy a boba drink....sitting inside The Canvas and drinking a warm chai latte bowl, watching the poofy jacketed, beanied San Franciscans outside....walking toward downtown with Jan (she has her hands stuffed inside her black jacket vest, while I, in my boots, am trying to keep up with her long strides)....sitting in Coffee Bean on Sacramento, studying for the GRE....having a late night snack at Lyon's with a huge group of YG kids and staff....chillin at 20 Poncetta with the Monday crew, trying to figure out where we want to eat dinner....playing pool at Jillian's...  *sigh* I suddenly feel homesick.  I miss you guys! Hope you are all doing well. Tell everyone at KCPC that I said hi please! I miss the YG kids. YG staff! Are you all still having those weekly dinners/book discussions?  I miss them.  This is a short week, because it's Chang Moon Festival time. I don't have classes on Thursday or Friday! Yay! haha, I sound like a student more than a prof, eh? ^ ^   I had a really good class this morning.  It was my class of housewives, and we had a discussion about the question "What makes a good family?"  It was interesting to hear what they had to say.  They are such a great group, and good mothers, I think.  I was surprised to hear that they have no problem saying "sorry" to their husbands or their children.  My mother hardly ever says sorry, and I attributed it to her koreanness, but I guess it's more just her personality.    I am also excited about my Freshmen Speaking and Listening class tomorrow morning.  I'm planning on starting the class by playing and discussing Steven Curtis Chapman's song "The Invitation".  I think they'll love it.    Teaching at Handong is the best. ^ ^