         I had a great weekend.  My ah-jum-mah students (housewives ^ ^ ) took me to Angang village and Oksuwon on Saturday.  Those two places are apparently the most famous places nearest Pohang, and they insisted on making a day out of it. I love my ah-jum-mah's, they are so sweet.  ^ ^   Angang is an old folk village that has been around since the period of the Chosun dynasty.  I saw the traditional homes of nobles and servants. Haha, it was kind of funny walking around with 12 other ah-jum-mahs.  They are such fun people though.  I think we were laughing the whole time. ^ ^ Oksuwon is a temple...it's funny, we didn't visit the temple...we just ate at a traditional korean restaurant nearby.  The food was absolutely delicious.  I am a big fan of ban-chan (korean side dishes) and they served the best banchan I have ever tasted!  After I came back to Handong, my freshmen day students and Joanne's freshmen day students had a soccer match.  Unfortunately, my class lost, but it was a good time.  We had dinner together afterwards, and then I bought everyone ice cream.  They loved me after that, ^ ^ even though it was really no skin off my back.  Ice cream in Korea is so cheap; let's see....I bought ice cream for about 25 people, and it cost me about 6 US dollars!   Joanne and I went shopping after that, and I bought a pretty trenchcoat. It's nice to treat myself once in awhile. :)       Sunday was a nice day too.  Service was refreshing, and I spent the day productively-- I did some reading, cleaning, playing the guitar and singing, napping.....and then I went to dinner with our EM pastor, his wife, and Joanne.  We ate a three course meal for 4000 won a piece, which is like 3 US dollars! Gooood fooooood.  I loved hanging out with them.  We had the best conversation.  Then when we got home, I played basketball with some students for a couple of hours.  I slept incredibly well last night.  Now that's what I call an ideal weekend.  I didn't go anywhere exotic or far away, but it was both relaxing and meaningful.  I miss you all. Hope you are doing well.   Inna: I am so worried about you....I will try to call you soon....it was only today that I was able to go into town to buy an international phone card (I can't call outside Korea without one).... Jan: I will write you back soon, I've been crazy busy, but you are in my prayers everyday. I think of you often. Ifang:  Merci beaucoup pour le message en ton blog! Tu me manque aussi, et je pense que tu es une bonne copine ^ ^.....merci pour tes priers, tu es dans mes aussi.....tu sais, je suis tres heureuse que as passe un bon temps en virginia.  tu le merites! (pardones ma grammaire...je suis une novice du francais... ) je t'aime.... Carm: I don't know if you read this page, but if you do, I am praying for you.  We have a lot to talk about.  I'll write you soon...