         jeen-jjah ahship-ddah.  I can't believe I have only two weeks left, and only one teaching week left.  Actually, my evening classes are officially over tomorrow, but my day class has three more classes: Friday, Tuesday, and next Friday.  A couple of weeks ago, my undergrads put together a bulletin board for our class on the intranet server, and I love it.  They talk to each other, comment on class ^ ^, and even have a 200 question personality questionnaire circulating to help us get to know each other. At the moment, they are trying to plan another class get-together as well as an end-of-the-year party.  In the last few entries, three students were discussing how sad they were that the "end is drawing near".... I wrote to the list and expressed my feelings too.  I am quite sad right now. Only three more classes, and then I have to say goodbye to them. They'll be sophomores next semester, so I won't be teaching any of them....:(    I don't know, do I sound weird?  I told my TA about how sad I was about saying goodbye to this one special class, and  I asked him whether or not he thought it was weird that I was so attached to them.  He laughed, and said yes.    Maybe it is weird, but I don't care.  I can't thank God enough for this experience.    My undergrads aren't the only ones that are special to me though.  One of my night classes, English Public Speaking, is also special to me.  They are all young adults, and I am so proud of them.  They have been working full time and attending night classes for the past four years, and this semester they are finally graduating from Handong University with a B.A. in English!  I admire them greatly.  Today they gave their final speeches, and it was amazing to me just how much they have improved since the beginning of this semester.  That's one thing about teaching language...the fruits of your labor are definitely more obvious than teaching something like literature.  Fortunately, we still have a special dinner to look forward to during finals weeks, because their final project is to put together and execute a program for a "special occasion".  I can't wait; we're going to reserve a room in a restaurant, and highlights of the evening will probably be the "roast" (they're roasting me!) and the graduation speech. ^ ^  And of course there are my ah-jum-mahs.  Their class is for no credit.  They have no tests, no homework, no grades.  It is so refreshing to teach them, because they really come purely to learn.  And every class, they bring a plethora of hot drinks and yummy snacks. ^ ^ What a bright, intelligent group of women! We've had some amazing discussions over the course of the semester.   This is another group that I will not be teaching after this semester, because I have been moved "up" to teach two undergrad classes next semester.  While that is good news, I suppose, I'm really really going to miss this group of women.....  Goodbyes are so hard. . . . :(