         *sigh*  Another Thursday has passed and it'll be Friday in just an hour and a half.  These days I feel as if the weeks are running faster than I am, and I'm just trying to catch up with time.  Only three weeks left in the semester. One more teaching week, dead week, and then finals. I repeat, it all passed by  so  quickly. The other day I looked back at my first blogs in Korea, and that four day trauma of isolation and helplessness seems just like yesterday.  And while I am now enjoying myself working and living at Handong, the questions that always hover over me are "Where has the time gone? Am I really making the most of life? Am I taking advantage of every opportunity available to me?"  One of the things I fear the most is just letting life slip by without having wrought any meaning or purpose or change...doing "to do", not doing "so that...".   I think my first years in college were like that, when I had no direction whatsoever. I get embarrassed answering the question, "What was your major?" because when I say, " I double-majored in Human Biology and English Literature," people get all impressed. But I don't like that sort of reaction at all.  I didn't double major because I was so smart or so driven, but simply because it took me so long to discover my passion.  Basically, I first majored in Hum Bio by default. I didn't know what I was interested in, and so I thought, "hm, my sister's major seemed pretty cool. I'll just do that." And I just did it. I floated through that major for awhile until I started getting really interested in my medical anthro and bioethics classes junior year. These classes led me into "fuzziness" (stanford term for the social sciences and humanities; "techie" refers to more quantitative fields like math and science and engineering), and for some reason that summer I ended up taking a course at Berkeley on Shakespeare.  It was that summer in which I fell hard for English literature, and by graduation, I had begun and finished the English major in one year with a mind to eventually get a PhD. So you see, for most of my college career, I had absolutely no idea what the heck I was doing.  It's nothing to be proud of. So when people act all impressed about my double BA, I feel compelled to tell them the whole story, and I usually do. Or nowadays, I just say that I majored in English.  Even though I look back on my Stanford experience with much satisfaction, one thing I wish that I could have done differently is found my passion sooner.  I suppose that you can't control something like that, but I still regret (um, I'm actually thinking of a korean word "ashiwuh", which doesn't have quite an accurate translation into english...but Inna, you know :)) the time lost.  Since then, I am always afraid of "losing time,"  even though I am not sure where I could be losing it.  It sounds silly, and yet it is so real in my life.  From the big things like trying to decide how long I want to stay in Korea, or what I should be doing to get ready for grad school, or staying in touch with friends, or doing stuff for the women's ministry here, to the small things like being on top of reading certain books or writing poetry or brushing up on languages or practicing guitar, the common theme of my "to do" list is "don't lose time."  But it gets overwhelming when I find myself with a checklist a mile long of "things to do".     I think that if my college years were on one extreme of not knowing what to do, I am now on the other extreme of wanting to do too much.  One ahjumah said to me the other day, "Sandy, you have to choose only a few of your many interests and hone them.  Otherwise you won't be good at anything." When she said that, I knew that she was right, but I don't know what interests I want to let go of.  It's not so cut and dry like that.  And so I suffer from knowing that I might always be a jack of all trades and master of none.   Geez, I began this entry with the intention of finally getting to the topics of friendship styles and foreign friends, but now I have no energy to make the connection.  Well, I was basically going to say that another thing that really takes time is friendships, and that the time factor is complicated by the style factor.  I've learned by trial and error that different people espouse vastly different approaches to friendship, and that this makes for the kind of friendships that only last in phases, or the kind of friendships that end up modifying both people....I know I am being irreducibly vague, but I am too tired to be detailed and specific right now. Whoa, I feel totally tired all of a sudden.  Anyway, and then I was going to go on to talk about how the time factor and the style factor are again compounded with complication if the friend is foreign.  So ideally, foreign friendships should have the most time invested into them, that is, if you aspire to intimacy and depth of relationship....but at least in my experience, the opposite always seems to happen.  There never seems to be enough time or opportunity to see my foreign friends or spend time with them or stay in touch with them.  I might write more about this later, I might not, but the last thing I want to say is that when I look back on this semester, the one thing I do regret is not having spent more time with my korean friends from 98.  Several of them are graduating this semester, and it makes me sad to think that if we are having such a hard time keeping in touch while they're still on campus, is there any hope for us to remain friends after they leave? In the past I have definitely experienced the resurrection of friendships that I thought I had lost, but it seems next to impossible when there is thrown into the mix a language barrier and a cultural barrier and an ocean to separate you.  This has been on my mind a lot these days.  And the weeks keep running.  And Sang Hua still hasn't called me back. Where has all the time gone? What were we so busy doing?