         Agh! There is so much that I want to write about that I went ahead and logged onto my account on Joanne's computer, even though it's 12:30 am and both Joyce and Joanne have already gone to bed. I should go back to my own apartment (I live just above them) and get to bed too. But some quick notes before I go. I want to write about a very interesting conversation that I had with Joanne today about friendship styles.  I also want to respond to Dave Hong's comment on Korean vs American vs Korean Americanness.  And I want to write about the things I learned from a book I just finished today by Ravi Zacharias called  Jesus Among Other Gods .  And also about my personal difficulties and hurts with foreign friends, largely due to the language barrier, yet despite that my special love for them. Actually, each of these could take up an entire blog, and you know how long my blog entries get. Don't blame me if I don't get to them all.  ^ ^    What I can quickly write about is the dinner party I threw at my apartment last night for my undergrad frosh. 12 came, a perfect number for the size of my apartment. Any more than that, and people would have been poking out the windows. I cleaned and cooked, (no kidding) for 3 hours on Friday night, and all day Saturday nonstop from 10-6! My right arm is sore from mixing and cutting and stirring, etc. Can you believe it? I never knew you could get sore from cooking.  I cooked truly Korean style, and I must say I was very proud of myself!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bulgogi, jap chae, dakdoritang, mapo dubu, haemul jon, and side dishes which I made the night before.   I cooked enough food for twenty people though (because 18 had signed up to come), so I have heaps of leftovers.  We had so much fun. I really got to see a side to my students that I don't get to see in the classroom.  We played games that I have played at home, except koreanized. Dibbydibbydip, dip dip dip except you say "bani bani bani, dang gun dang gun", which means rabbit rabbit rabbit, carrot carrot, while you make these silly motions with your hands. Oh my goodness, it's absolutely hilarious. And then we played Thumper, but the "assa!" korean style....I seriously think korean signs are funnier than the ones I've seen at home.  We also played Do You Love Your Neighbor in English, although they did have a korean way which no showed me because they don't know that I can speak korean.:)  But one technical difference is that when the chosen person says "Yes", only the two people next to that person must switch seats, whereas at home, everyone has to switch seats.  The fun thing about that game is that my apartment is so small that we were crawling over each other and falling on each other and bruising each other to get to the places we wanted. Ah, sometimes it is so refreshing to be juvenile! After a certain number of "outs" there was a penalty. I seemed to always mess up! I ended up singing and dancing for them (yes, two different penalties...I'm horrible at playing games).  You have to understand that I'm their "gyo soo nim", korean for "professor".  They were just tickled to death that their gyo soo would sing and dance for them. I thought it was funny too. hehe. Good times. I love my students. This frosh class is especially special to me. They are doing their oral presentations this week, which are basically group skits, and I am really looking forward to them because these students are super creative.  It'll be entertaining for sure. ^ ^ And because we'll have time left over after the presentations on Tuesday, I am going to teach them my most recent favorite praise song, "You Are Holy".  Actually it's been my fave for a year and a half now, ever since I first heard it in on the ex-kcpcYG-staff Cancun trip.  That's a great song, totally God-centered. You know, it has a two part chorus, and it goes  You are Holy (echo) You are mighty You are worthy Worthy of praise  I will follow I will listen I will love you All my days  (women sing) He is Lord of Lords He is King of Kings He is Mighty God  Lord of everything He's Emmanuel He's the Great I am He's the Prince of Peace Who is the Lamb He's the Living God He's my saving grace He will reign forever  He is Ancient of Days He is Alpha Omega  Beginning and End He's my Savior, Messiah,  Redeemer and Friend  He's my Prince of Peace I will live my life for HIm  (I'm too lazy to write the men's part)  Actually, could someone tell me which group sings this song so that I can download it?  At sometime I should also write about the negative aspects of being in Korea at Handong, since all my entries are almost always about the things I love here.  But it's because the positives totally outweigh the negatives. Ok, add that to the list, but like I said, don't blame me if I don't get to them all.