         The student that I mentioned in my 10/29 blog wrote me back.  This was his email:  ----- Original Message -----  From:  To: Sandra Chi  Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2002 12:30 PM Subject: hi sandra chi..thank you for your writing.    Dear Prof. Sandra Chi   Thank you about your write of back of listening quiz's paper.  Actually I had wanted to know about god's existence.  But nowadays I didn't want. Because last semester I was effort to know.  So I can not anything. My life became a hard.  After all I determined I am never go to church, and didn's effort to know about the god.  Sorry..But I am glad that meeting you in this semester, in handong.   ^^;;    P.S.  I wanted to express my thinking but my English ability too bad.   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- When I received this email from him, I don't know, it just made me sad.  If you don't understand what he's saying, he's basically saying that last semester he searched for God but life only became harder, and so he's decided never to go to church again, or make any more effort to know God.  It took me awhile to actually write back to him because first of all, you can tell from his email that he doesn't want to talk about it, and secondly, there was so much that I wanted to say that I had to filter through it all and simplify it into a readable email for someone who speaks English as his second language.  And I finally wrote him back late last night:  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (I'm sorry, this is kind of long. You might need your dictionary ^ ^ )   Hello Thomas! Thanks for writing back.  I understand that the search for truth can be difficult, but don't give up.  Salvation through Christ will not make your life easy, but you will discover the meaning of life, a peace that surpasses understanding, and a deep joy.  I know that you have decided to stop making any effort to know about God, but I think you will find that this does not make life any better, or any easier.  Someday you will come back to the question of His existence, the meaning of your life, and what happens after death.  What is this life about, if you and I are a result of chance, only to die into nothingness? I'm sure you've thought about that, and I'm sure you do not have an answer yet....which is why I know that you will eventually have to search for the truth again.     What I can tell you is that Christianity is the truth, and the only truth.  I know it with every part of my being, Thomas.   I really really do.  And I have studied many subjects, been to many different places in the world, met many different kinds of people, and the truth of Christianity has only become clearer to me with time.  If you ever do have any questions, please come talk to me or write me an email.  Did you know that I can read Korean? You can write in Korean if you'd like, although I will write back in English. ^ ^   I am so glad to have met you this semester, Thomas. You have a quiet, strong spirit.  I have been praying for you, and will continue to do so.  Hey, I hope to see you at the dinner at my house this Saturday! It'll be fun!    See you on Tuesday,  Sandra    You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. Jeremiah 29:13 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I know it's funny that I prefaced the email with that parenthetical remark, but my email is pretty long for an ESL speaker. :)  Anyway, I pray that he understands the email, and that God continues to work in his heart.  I was in a quandary because I wanted to make the message more Christ-centered, whereas it came out sounding more person-centered, i.e. what God can do for you, how Christianity will make your life better, etc.  But I suppose that when you are trying to reach an unbeliever, you have to meet them where they are, and from his email you can see that he's wondering what the heck he needs God for.  He's not even at a place to understand what it means "to live a life that brings glory to God."  If you happen to remember, please pray for Thomas.    In other news Joyce and Ro got a car (they are sharing)!  This means that we can go places on the weekends, and not have to rely on the bus.:) On Saturday, the day they got the car, we went to Emart and I bought stuff to basically redecorate my whole living room.  My apartment was so blah before, but it's amazing what a few sofa pillows, wallhangings, tabletop accessories, and a new non-flourescent floor lamp can do to the ambience of a living room.  I feel like I moved into a new apartment! I love it...after redecorating, I just wanted to sit in my living room all day.:)  I also bought the missing string for my flatemate's guitar, and it makes such a difference having all 6 strings...yes, until now I've been playing with only five strings.  So last night I was blissfully happy sitting in my living room, playing the guitar, and singing for a couple of hours.  But anyways, back to Saturday.  In the evening we met two other friends and the 6 of us (Me, Jo, Joyce, Ro, Mark from Australia, and Dae Young from Korea :))squished into the Elantra and drove all the way to Kyung Ju for some Italian food.  It wasn't as good as the Italian in Italy, of course, but it was pretty good.  They had a delectable hot chocolate though.  And their tiramisu was yummy.  We even had some red wine imported from Italy!  In any case it was so nice to get out of Pohang.....  Boy, do I miss North Beach SF.  And I miss Florence Italy.  Florence had the best pasta and white wine I have EVER tasted in a little restaurant south of the Arno River.  That was just this past summer, but those days seem so far away now.  Inna, what are you up to? I miss you all of a sudden.