         I am in Uljin at a hot springs resort with jan and her fam.  It's been soooo fun. I love jan, and I love her family.  Her grandparents are really sweet, and totally cute! It makes me wish that I had grandparents....I don't have any because my father's parents passed away when he was young, and my mother's father passed away when she was young, and my one grandmother passed away a couple of winters ago.  I've never had grand parents .  So it's such a joy for me to get to know jan's grandparents. They're the best.  Her grandfather is really smiley and sharp and active, even though he is eighty years old.  He has adopted me as his grandchild via a pinky swear. :) Her grandmother is super cute, with a laid back, laughing personality.  She is so sweet that I often have these random urges to bear hug her.  It's cool seeing Jan and her family interact. Jan and her brothers are so chill. I feel totally at home with all of them.  I can't believe Eddie is getting married...I keep imagining him and his wife with mini Eddie's running around.  I think Eddie is going to make a great dad.^^  Jan and I have officially done everything together. ^^ We shared a bed when we lived in a tiny room in SF, and now we've even gone to the mo-gyok-tang together.  She's my soul sista. hehe It's been really great spending time with her again! The other night we stayed up and talked until the wee hours of the morning....we caught up on life, and realized that we are really growing up.  It's funny comparing ourselves now to when we were freshmen in college.  Jan says that I was like a bunny, and I said that she was like a giraffe.  And she said that now I am "still bunnyish with black panther undertones", and I said that she is like a tigress. I am not going to explain. ^^ Who knows what made us think of each other in terms of animals.  I am taking Jan with me to Handong tomorrow, since we'll be spending the day in Kyungju, and Kyungju is very close to Pohang.  We're going to stay in Pohang until Monday morning. Jan will be the first of my friends to see some the places and people at Handong that I always write about! I am so excited!