         Now that the semester is over, I've been consumed by a reflective mood.   Where do I begin?   Well, a couple of you will recognize what I write next from recent emails, but I wanted to blog about it, so I hope it's ok if I repeat myself. I pretty much copied and pasted a lot of it, but it's true to what's whirling about in my mind even at the moment...  All in all, I am overwhelmingly satisfied with my first 5 months in Korea. They were probably 5 of the most fulfilling months of my life...that's a bold statement, but I feel so blessed to be able to say it confidently. I guess it's hard to define "fulfilling," but I think it has to do with enjoying and growing in all aspects of my interests and gifts to the glory of God . . . and I've realized that Handong lets me integrate all of me into fluid, focused, fervent living . . .   This is my life...this is what I want to do for the rest of my life...I realize now that I am not limited to teaching in only secular universities overseas, but perhaps Christian ones like Handong too. And that I don't even have to be overseas anymore. It just depends on where the Lord leads me I guess. I used to think that teaching at a Christian university was a cop out of sorts. I mean, why enclose yourself in a place where the gospel has already been reached? But it is exactly that sort of thinking that God might have wanted to rework in me by bringing me here....living and working at Handong has taught me what a powerful thing is to throw your whole self into "making disciples of all nations," and that the Great Commission is a process, not a moment. And so the moment someone accepts the Lord as Savior is not more or less important than his/her growth in the knowledge of God and in being a living sacrifice for Him. Anyway, in my day class, I found out that two of my female students want to be missionary doctors! And another girl wants to be an international lawyer advocating victims in developing countries. It was such an encouragement to me to hear these things...it humbles me to know that I contributed a small part (even if it is just English language skills :)) in helping to equip these women to be the light of Christ in the world. But you know, one of the ways I tried to integrate faith and learning this semester was to emphasize dynamic expression rather than by-the-book grammar, and to give my students a chance to write or talk about faith-related issues in English. It was so exciting to teach like that, because Handong not only gives me the freedom to do so, but encourages me to do so....  And so I've changed my thinking (which by the way, was totally subconscious...I didn't even realize that I was thinking this way until God brought it to light and challenged it). I don't think it is a "lesser" work to be a missions mobilizer for example, or an educator in a Christian insititution.   I still want to study English lit though, and that is the one thing that is lacking by staying here....I better keep up with the field even while I am teaching language here. Actually, I might have an opportunity next semester to teach an Intro to American and British Lit class...but that's only if they can't find faculty to hire to cover for an Eng Lit prof who is going on sabbatical next year. I guess I can't ask you to pray that they won't find someone to hire ^^, but you can pray that God provides me a way to maintain and nurture myself in that area of study....  Another related topic that's been on my mind is this: How does marriage relate to my dreams and passions and goals and calling in life?  I mean, I could plan out my life down to each micro-detail if I wanted to, since I am single at the moment....but if I get married someday, of course there would have to be some give and take in matching my plans with his (whoever "he" is, but I am talking about my future husband) plans.  I don't know God's mind, and it's times like this that I especially realize that His thoughts are so far higher than my thoughts.  But when I try to think about it logically, it seems that God's plan for two to become one would include meshing two life plans together so that there is compromise on both sides...perhaps.  But I also realize that not everyone is like me.  Not everyone has their whole life planned out. The funny thing is, I am almost expecting God to revise my plan for my life, and show me differently, because He's already done that several times before in BIG, rocking-my-world ways. I know that I've said this before, but whenever a plan for life becomes MY plan instead of GOD's plan, He always shows me how my plan was just a small piece of something larger.  That might not make sense to you, but in my life, again and again God has used convictions to build upon other convictions such that the original convictions seem bunk, but they aren't, because I would not have found my way to new convictions without the older ones.  Dizzying, I know.    He is doing that now, actually, especially in relation to the bit I wrote earlier about where I see myself teaching.  That's a HUGE change, actually, when I really sit down and think about it.  It almost brings me back to square one...I don't have to be overseas...so I could be anywhere.  But the one remaining element of what might seem like a dead conviction is that whatever I do, wherever I am, I am a missionary.  Simply because I am a child of God and I can't help but carry in this earthen vessel the treasure of the risen Lord Jesus.  Simply because I know that I was created to bring glory to God.  Simply because I know that it's part of my covenant relationship with Him.  And that change in mindset is significant in terms of  how  I want live my life, though a haze seems to once again occlude the particulars at the moment. And so I might even end up in the States. Or in Korea. Or wherever, who knows? I think that I am truly "open" to God's leading now, whereas before I  said   that I was "open," but I really wasn't, because deep down inside I didn't think that places like the U.S. and South Korea needed any more Christians.  Hey, I'm just being honest.  Recently, a friend's mother asked me, "Do you like Korea? Do you want to live here or in America?" And I honestly didn't know what to say.  All I could say was, "I want to follow God, and anywhere is good for me." I really meant it when I said it.  Perhaps a husband has to do with where I'll ultimately end up.  Or not.  Will I get married? Who can guarantee that for me?  Or maybe I am just playing with the idea of celibacy because of a subconscious desire to have complete control over my life.  And if that's true, then I need to face the music, because complete control is a myth anyway.  Besides, I sincerely and passionately want my life to be led by God.  But here's where I see how my fallen nature could attempt to twist something good (celibacy) into a self-righteous means for justifying motivations of the heart that are ultimately rebellious toward God.  Anyway, I really can't tell which it is right now.  I can't tell whether or not the idea of celibacy rolling around in my head is from God, or just me wanting to be God.   But if I am to get married, what do I really want in a husband? And how much am I willing to compromise and revise my vision for my life, taking into account the fact that I might not be living by myself, but joined as one to a lifelong soulmate?   Why all this rumination on marriage? Am I lonely? Not really. I feel fine.  But then again, I can't deny that a part of me is profoundly lonely.  But that's part and parcel of an existence apart from God.  That's another thing that has been an ongoing reflection this whole year. While an egocentric loneliness can be debilitating, a loneliness that molds the soul to reach heavenward is rejuvenating I think.  Sometimes I think that Christians can be more lonely than non-Christians, because when you think about loneliness, it can be compounded by knowing non-loneliness...take me for example.  I think that I have more potential to feel romanticly lonely, now that I have had a serious boyfriend, than when I never knew what it was like to be romanticly involved.  I experienced love, and therefore there's a larger hole to fill, in a sense, now that it' s gone.  But what is the essence of non-loneliness? True love, or true satisfaction, which is ontologically objective in Christ.  So we Christians, who live in "the now and the not yet,"  vaccillate between two incomplete states of regeneration and fallenness (I'm saying this totally from a "felt" standpoint, because I know that I am a saint in the eyes of God), between tasting the goodness of God and desiring the empty pleasures of the world.  I guess it would be more accurate to say that Christians have a more focused loneliess, which can therefore be more intense, than the vague, amorphous loneliness that a non-Christian must feel....  This is all to say that while I might feel lonely, I think that I will still feel lonely even after I am married.  And that I don't have to be married.  I think that I could live a single life if God called me to one, because then of course He'd give me the means and the strength to do it....though if I were to speak frankly, I'd rather be married. I'm sorry, my mind has been running around in circles these days, and this blog entry is a reflection of it.