         the theme song of my year.....  ELIJAH, by Rich Mullins  The Jordan is waiting for me to cross through  My heart is aging I can tell  So Lord, I'm begging for one last favor from You  Here's my heart take it where You will   This life has shown me how we're mended and how we're torn  How it's okay to be lonely as long as you're free  Sometimes my ground was stoney  And sometimes covered up with thorns  And only You could make it what it had to be  And now that it's done  Well if they dressed me like a pauper  Or if they dined me like a prince  If they lay me with my fathers  Or if my ashes scatter on the wind  I don't care   But when I leave I want to go out like Elijah  With a whirlwind to fuel my chariot of fire  And when I look back on the stars  It'll be like a candlelight in Central Park  And it won't break my heart to say goodbye   There's people been friendly, but they'd never be your friends  Sometimes this has bent me to the ground  Now that this is all ending  I want to hear some music once again  'Cause it's the finest thing that I have ever found   But the Jordan is waiting  Though I ain't never seen the other side  Still they say you can't take in the things you have here  So on the road to salvation  I stick out my thumb and He gives me a ride  And His music is already falling on my ears   There's people been talking  They say they're worried about my soul  Well, I'm here to tell you I'll keep rocking  'Til I'm sure it's my time to roll  And when I do   When I leave I want to go out like Elijah  With a whirlwind to fuel my chariot of fire  And when I look back on the stars  It'll be like a candlelight in Central Park  And it won't break my heart to say goodbye   'Cause when I leave I want to go out like Elijah  With a whirlwind to fuel my chariot of fire  And when I look back on the stars  It'll be like a candlelight in Central Park  And it won't break my heart to say goodbye   ------------------------------------------------------  *sigh*  my last evening in SF...  one more service tomorrow at KCPC!    Today, all of college flashed before my eyes....went to Danny and Jieun's wedding, and saw almost everyone I ever knew at Stanford it seems.  Then I rushed from there to the KCPC Youth Group banquet, where four years in the yg ministry were remembered, celebrated, cherished, and sealed in my heart.  A tiring day, but so meaningful.  The Body of Christ as I knew it for the past five years.  I couldn't have asked for a better way to end my stay in the Bay Area.    I am sleepy now, but I am ready to go to bed with a deep feeling of peace.  "You have put gladness in my heart, More than in the season that their grain and wine increased.  I will both lie down in peace, and sleep;  For You alone, O Lord, make me dwell in safety" Ps 4:7-8