         It's been awhile.  I was buried under a towering mass of papers to grade last week, but somehow I made it out alive.  Now I am in Seoul, at my eemo's place.    Despite the heaps of work I had to finish before leaving Pohang, I got a good amount of playing in there too.^^  Let's see, well last Wednesday was my birthday, and it was the best birthday I've had in a really long time.  In college, my birthday always fell on finals week, so neither I nor my friends usually had time to celebrate.  And last week was finals week at Handong too, so I wasn't expecting much, especially since Jo Joyce and I already had our party the weekend before.  However the day before, when I gave my freshmen their final, they asked me to meet them the next day in the cafeteria at 6 pm.  I was happy, because I always love to see my freshmen, and also because I knew that I was in for a "surprise" birthday party, hehe.  So that day, I got to see my three favorite classes at Handong ( I talked about them in my 11/28 blog).  I went out to lunch with my ahjummah class, and that was really fun.  We ate some gooooood hanshik food.   Right after I got back, I was called into a colleague's office, and there our department had cake and presents for all December birthdays.  It was sweet.  The pastor's wife, Min, cross-stitched a picture for me!  Later, one of my freshmen brought an entire cake and ice cream and a rose to my office! I was so touched that I almost cried.  I couldn't eat the cake by myself though, so I took it with me to meet my freshmen at 6pm in the cafeteria. When I got there, they already had a cake for me, which means that I had two cakes! It was cute-- they sang happy birthday to me twice, once in English, and once in Korean, and I got to blow out two sets of candles!^^ What fun. hehe. They gave me a pretty blue plaid scarf, too.  Sooooo sweet.  You know, Handong students have a funny custom for eating birthday cakes.  I started to cut one of the cakes into nice, congruent slices, when one of the students stopped me, gave me a pair of chopsticks, and told everyone to dig in.  So we ate the cakes "family style," if you can imagine! And I had the goofy idea of giving each group 2 minutes per cake, after which we had to switch.  Haha, so we were really digging in because we wanted to get the most of each cake.  We ate and talked and took pictures for about an hour before I had to go meet my Public Speaking class for their final project, which was to produce a "special occasion" and give "special occasion speeches."    When I got to the restaurant, I was pleasantly surpised by the fancy room they had reserved, and by how sharp everyone looked.  But nothing compares to how impressed I was when the speeches actually began. The execution of the evening's program was seamless and smooth, and those speeches were the best that my students had given all semester, perhaps because the night was so meaningful.  My speech students are seniors, so the theme of the night was graduation-- reminiscing about their earlier years at Handong, and looking ahead toward the future once they leave.  I was very very proud of them.  The funniest was the roast.  Julie and Jean roasted me, and did a really good job of imitating me and my quirkiness.  The other students were practically rolling on the floor laughing, while my cheeks were sore from smiling and blushing so much.    Anyway, when the speeches were over, we ate dinner and just chatted for awhile.  They really surprised me though, when they turned off the lights and brought out a lighted birthday cake for me! I had no idea that they knew it was my birthday, since I never told them! But I guess one of the students works in the administrative office, and she found out about it.  The cake was quite elegant, and they gave me a chic scarf and hat set.  After eating cake, we went to norebang and sang our hearts out until midnight. They made me sing "I Will Always Love You" to them, and at the moment, the lyrics were actually pretty true and sentimental. haha, really, we all teared up!  So that was my birthday.  It was special.  Check out some pictures from that day   here .    Another wonderful day was last Saturday.  I met 15 of my froshies and we went downtown.  What a full day! First, we ate lunch together (), and then we went to norebang, and then I treated them to parfait and cocoa at Cafe Arabica (where we also took over a room and played games for a couple of hours!), and then we went to eat dinner (δ), and then to eat ice cream at Baskin Robbins.  By the time we got to Baskin Robbins, several people had already left here and there in order to catch buses/trains to go home for winter vacation.  The few of us left (I think there were 6 of us) then caught the bus to Sunrise Park, where we hiked all the way to the top.  From there you can see a view that looks like the San Francisco Bay at night.  There we ended the night singing Christmas carols.   When we got back to school, I was unbelievably sad to say goodbye to them for a whole three months.  And not only that, but I was sad that they wouldn't be my students anymore come next semester....:(    *sigh* Life is full of goodbyes, isn't it?  It seems like as soon as you say hello to someone special, goodbye is always just around the corner.