         Last night Joanne, Joyce, and I threw a December birthday bash for ourselves.  Joanne's birthday is today (the 8th), mine is the 11th, and Joyce's is  the 26th.  We, as well as Ro, invited about 2-3 people each, so it ended up being a sort of random group of people since we don't all have the same friends.  I was a little worried about what the dynamic would be like for such an odd mix, but it ended up being really fun.  I invited my korean friends So Hyun, Evan, and Sung-jeh oppa, and they did very well in the English-dominant setting.  I was very proud of them. :)   The party was actually also a Christmas party, so Jo Joyce and I were madly running around downtown several hours before the party trying to get gifts for our friends.  I was incredibly stressed, because the party was at 8, and I only started wrapping the gifts and writing cards at 7:40! But it all worked out somehow. ^^ This is how the night went: we made introductions, mingled, had ice cream, sang happy birthday, ate cake, exchanged presents, sang Christmas carols, sat around and talked, sang Christmas carols again, except hilarious renditions this time (our Aussie friend Mark did Silent Night muppets style, country style, la bamba style, simon and garfunkle style, and more on his guitar!).  Singing Christmas carols with this crowd was really special because it was such an international group of people...songs were sung in English, Korean, Russian, Japanese, and German last night!  Oh, and Australian too...haha, you wouldn't believe how differently they sing "Away in the Manger" and "O Come All Ye Faithful".   When all the students left, we opened a bottle of wine, toasted ourselves, and settled down into more serious conversation for awhile.  Mark also sang us two of his most recently written songs...it was something else.  I had such a good time.  I am really blessed to have the kinds of friends I have in Korea.    Anyway, late last night after the party, I got a call from the pastor's wife, Min.  And guess what she asked me? She asked me if I would sing a special praise song on Sunday(today) since the person who was supposed to do it got called away to Seoul in an emergency.   I was like...uh.....don't really want to....  but then she got her husband (the EM pastor) on the phone, and he begged me to do it because this was the last English Sunday service before the long vacation and therefore a special service. I don't know what I was thinking, but I agreed to do it, even though as soon as he asked me I got these terrible butterflies in my stomach, and I had to do everything I could to stop my body from trembling violently.  When I was younger, I had terrible stage fright, and those reactions are remnants of it.    For the next hour or two (and mind you, it was very late by this point) I went through my song books looking for a song to sing.  Keeping in mind the passage that Pastor Tony would be preaching on (1Timothy 4:12-16), I eventually decided on the song "These Things are True of You" by Tommy Walker.  I went to bed past 2, but could hardly sleep a wink.  I was alternatively tossing, turning, and praying.  Why the heck was I so nervous? I always get like this about having to get up in front of people and do anything.  The funny thing is that I am perfectly comfortable in front of the classroom, teaching.  Just goes to show that I am more meant to be a teacher than a singer. ^^  Anyway, I ended up getting up at 5:45.  I couldn't sleep anymore. After eating breakfast and getting ready, I went to my office, typed out and printed the song, sang it a few times, prayed, read the Word, and then went to meet my accompanist at 7:30.  We practiced a few times before he had to go to his praise team practice, and then practiced a couple more times just before service started at 9.  The practices actually went beautifully, but (this always happens to me) I got nervous again when I actually got up in front of everyone, and just did a mediocre job, in my opinion.  But God knows what He is doing, because by the end of the first couple of lines, I was like "hang it all, I'm just going to worship God because this isn't going my way."  Worshipping Him should have been my first heart-set anyway, right? Well, yeah, but I am a fallen, sinful creature and God has to remind me of that sometimes. ^^ He did that today.  And so, even though the singing didn't go as well as I would have liked, many people afterwards said they loved the  song , that they were blessed by it.  To me, that's a good thing, because they weren't focused on my voice, they were drawn to the message of the song (good lyrics by the way!).  Here is the song:   Unshakable, immovable, faithful and true,  Full of wisdom, strength and beauty These things are true of You.    Fearless, courageous, righteousness shines through In all You do, yet You're so humble, You laid down Your life.   These things are true of You.  	And as I turn my face to You, O Lord, I ask and pray 	By the power of Your love and grace 	Make these things true of me too. 	Make these things true of me too.  Patient, compassionate, love flows through you.   You never give up on the hopeless ones. These things are true of you.   Holy and blameless, You stand up for justice and truth, yet You love mercy and forgiveness.   These things are true of You.   I think that the people who did say that I sang well were just being nice. :b But still, I don't regret doing it, because I believe it brought glory to God. Now I am totally exhausted though, so I'm just going to head on home and take a  long  afternoon nap....