         Just want to share a couple of things that I've read recently that have absolutely amazed me with their insights into the beautiful connection between human knowledge, and Truth.    "Nearly all the wisdom we possess, that is to say, true and sound wisdom, consists of two parts:  the knowledge of God and of ourselves.  But, while joined by many bonds, which one precedes and brings forth the other is not easy to discern.  In the first place, no one can look upon himself without immediately turning his thoughts to the contemplation of God, in whom he lives and moves...Again, it is certain that man never achieves a clear knowledge of  himself unless he has first looked upon God's face, and then descends from contemplating Him to scrutinize himself." (John Calvin)  "Believers themselves have not chosen the Christian position because they are wiser than others.  What they have they have by grace alone.  But this does not mean that they accept the problematics of fallen man as right...Fallen man does  in principle  seek to be a law unto himself.  But he cannot carry out his own principle to its full degree.   He is restrained from doing so...In spite of what he does against God, he can and  must  work for God; thus he is able to make a "positive contribution" to human culture."  (Cornelus Van Til)   And lastly, a poem by Emily Dickinson (whom I just recently rediscovered when I bought a book that translates her poems into Spanish...she is now one of my all time favorite poets):   All Circumstances are the Frame In which His Face is set-- All Latitudes exist for His Sufficient Continent--  The Light His Action, and the Dark The Leisure of His Will-- In Him Existence serve or set A Force illegible.   Do you see how amazingly they all connect? It's just incredible how God works all things together for His glory, and that every pursuit of knowledge going on around the globe at this moment brings Him glory whenever it touches upon Truth, as of course it will at some point, since all truth is God's truth.  That's also why I love poetry so much, because whether a poet is saved or not, if he/she writes from a deeply honest place, he/she will reveal some level of Truth about the spiritual or the human.  And that's always the starting point for the gospel.  I have more to write about that, but maybe some other time.  Anyway, I want to thank those of you who have been praying for me.  God has really been redirecting and renewing me.  I am realizing that being a prof of lit will not only allow me to bring the light of Christ into the classroom, but also into the world of academia.  I want to shine the light of Christ in my scholarship, too.  Too much of God's Truth has been twisted and corrupted.  I would like to go in there with a clearer vision of things and shed light on the realities of humanity in and through literature across cultures, across languages.  Comp Lit is better for me than Eng Lit in this sense because it makes more room for universals to be evident.  Case in point, I was surfing the web for Comp Lit programs, when I came across a new e-journal called  Perspectives on Evil and Human Wickedness .  It was listed under the resources for the American Comparative Literature Association homepage!  I went to the website, and here is what is said:   The Wickedness.Net project seeks to explore all issues relating to evil and human wickedness. In particular, it has two main aims;   1. to provide a comprehensive forum which is committed to promoting inter-disciplinary and multi-disciplinary explorations of, and perspectives on evil and wickedness.  2. to make available to scholars, researchers, and any one interested a set of research tools that bring together a wide variety of materials and resources which relate to this subject.   The project is deliberately and distinctively inter- and multi-disciplinary in nature; the hope is that this will help generate provocative insights into evil from across the spectrum of academic fields, professions, vocations, religious traditions and other relevant sources. By bringing together perspectives and views from the various disciplines, professions, and vocations the emphasis is on creativity and innovation in wrestling with the problems raised by evil and human wickedness.   Amazing, isn't it?  This is the kind of stuff I want to study and research and teach via literature.  I am not sure if this is making much sense to you, because it is only vaguely inseminating in me, but I am not saying that I am going to preach about Christ in literary articles. No way.  That would never fly, because I'd have no credibility.  But I want to write and teach in way that resonates with Truth, that gives others a glimpse into the beauty of a worldview that clarifies and illuminates, not obscures.....and I want to share the gospel through relationships that form within those academic environments.