         Last week was up and down. I met Joyce's friends, a married couple living here in Madrid, and it was really rejuvenating to have quality conversation with Christians in English.  Thanks for getting me in touch with them Joyce!  I got pretty sick after that, because they had cats and I'm horribly allergic to cats.  My theory is that the cat hair got into my body, weakened my immune system, and made me susceptible to catching the flu (I think it's the flu?).  So now I have the flu, and am still getting over it.  I even had to skip out of class early on Friday, which I really didn't like doing since we were in the middle of the fantastic world of subjunctives.  It's not too great being sick when you are overseas and without any family around.  I also met up with Cova, her boyfriend, and her brother.  We ate at a traditional Spanish restaurant in the Chueca barrio....delicious. But what I enjoyed more was observing Cova interact with her brother.  Can't explain it, but it was special.  In Spain, the children in our generation usually have huge families. Like Jaime, he has 4 siblings. But for Cova, it's just her and her brother, and they are super close.  I was flattered that her brother even wanted to meet me, just because I am her friend!  And I went to Jaime's home again for another long meal and siesta with his family.  It was eleven people this time-- me, Jaime, his parents, his siblings, the American exchange student who is staying at their home, and two cousins.  My head was spinning with all the Spanish that goes on simultaneously when so many Spanish people are together (and on top of that I was out of it due to the effects of flu medicine), but the food was incredible.  When most of the people had gone, and all that were left were me, Jaime, his mom, his dad, and his brother, we had a good conversation.  I won't forget it.    I accomplished a lot of sightseeing last week too.  I think that I've been to all the touristy must-sees.  This last week in Madrid I'll just be revisiting the places I liked the best. Then I am off to Barcelona for one week, then back to Korea!