         A few things happened this past weekend that have depressed my mood.  Cova's grandmother passed away last Thursday...I hung out with Jaime and all his friends on Friday night until the wee hours of the morning, and witnessed a lot of hedonistic darkness.....and other things happened yesterday in my day trip to Segovia that I don't really want to talk about here.....   Please keep praying for me. While I am learning a lot, having a good time, and building relationships, being a lone Christian in a foreign place is really hard at times.  And the language barrier gets frustrating, because I find that I can't talk deeply with anyone about anything.  It gets as far as,"Yeah, I go to church" or, "Yeah, I'm a christian" but no more.  However it does make me determined to really learn the language.  Sometimes in my room, I make speeches to myself in Spanish about what I believe, why I believe what I believe, etc.  I have yet to put these speeches to use though....I think a part of it is that even if I am ready to speak about my faith in Spanish, the Spanish people I speak with would never guess that I could, so our conversations are always cut short.....I think....but I also know that a big part of it is that I am a chicken, and if the other person doesn't initiate, or if it doesn't flow with the conversation, I won't broach or pursue the topic.....  I am reading a book by Greg Bahnsen called "Always Ready".  The chapter I read last night was about having humble boldness with the gospel.  It makes sense.  At the same time that the absolute perfection of the Rock of Truth humbles the sinful, weak believer, it simultaneously emboldens her to speak the truth because it is so immutably, infallibly  true .  I felt like it was a direct rebuke to me.....    Lord, help me to live the words of Colossions 4:5-6.  Help me to spend my time here to the fullest, "redeeming the time", that my words and actions would be "full of grace and seasoned with salt", and that I would always "be ready with an answer for the hope that I have".  But Lord, I also pray that you would help to trust in Your timing, knowing that it is not I who is the accomplisher--You are.  If it is not Your will that I share the gospel verbally in my last two weeks in Madrid, at least give me the strength and inspiration, by Your stunning grace, to live it out shiningly and uncompromisingly, and to be a persevering prayer warrior for the lost....