         I'm back.  I should really be spending my time visiting museums and such, but I've reasoned with myself that it's ok to finish updating my blog today, and spending the rest of this week sightseeing. Anyway.  Last Sunday I found a korean church in Madrid!  I know, I know, why go to a korean church while in Spain?  But I saw it in the yellow pages, and I was really curious as to what it would be like.  I'm glad I went....it was very interesting.  It's a very young church, so everything was conducted in korean.  Before the service began, they were practicing a korean praise song that I had learned this past semester at Handong!  It brought tears to my eyes because it was a glimpse at the Body of Christ in the world, united in even little ways.  Despite the fact that everything was in korean though, I was thrilled to hear beautiful, fluent spanish coming out of the mouths of the korean-spanish youth!   They have yet to establish a spanish ministry for them though.    The samonim noticed me right away, and invited me to her home for lunch after service.  We ate kimchi jjeeh-geh, a welcome relief to my growing craving for korean food after only one week in Madrid. ^^  It was also really nice to hear and speak in korean again. Felt like home.  I talked with the samonim's daughter, who is in her last year of high school, and I think that I might have convinced her to apply to Handong for college! She and her mother had heard good things about the school, but she didn't even think about applying there before our conversation.     Their family is quite interesting...the parents were missionaries to the nationals in the Canary Islands as well as Germany.  They have only recently settled in Madrid in the last four years  to establish a church for the Korean-speaking community here.  So their children speak spanish, german, korean, as well as some english.  German is her best language, but I was talking with her in a mixture of spanish, korean, and english.  It was wild.  She was lamenting the fact that she was not perfectly fluent in any of the languages, but I encouraged her that it was understandable since she's learning them all at the same time.  If she keeps it up, I believe that in 10 years time she'll be fully quadralingual.  Anyway, I was again impressed by the fact that it can be a good thing to raise children overseas.  She had this maturity about her that was beyond her years.  Even though our conversation was short, it was clear to me that she knew what was important in life just by the things she talked about. She wasn't into the superficial, material things that most kids her age are into. The visit reminded me of Paris, when I met two missionary families who were trying to reach the Muslim community there.  One of the kids, a little girl about the age of 5, also struck me with her maturity.  This little girl is equally fluent in both English and French, since her parents are American and she attends a french school.  When we left, you should have seen how difficult it was for her to part with a female member of a missionary team that had been with them for a month.  She cried and cried as if the world was going to end, and verbally articulated her emotions too.  She told the girl how she felt and communicated how special their time was together, short as it was ("I'll remember the times we colored together!").  Her parents explained that it's because she's been around enough to know that people are unique and special, and that goodbyes are special too, because you might not ever see that person again.  That's at the age of five! I guess you could see that as negative, but if nurtured in a proper manner, such a child can grow up to have very broad perspectives and a deep, holistic intellect.  These missionaries were excellent parents.  I was with them an entire day, and it was really awesome to see how the family interacted.    But back to Spain.  In the week and a half I've been here, I've been seriously considering switching from the english lit track to the comparative lit track.  This isn't as sudden as it sounds.  The last time I was seriously considering comp lit was while I was in Paris this summer.  It seems that whenever I travel and see more of the world, it's clear that Eng lit is very narrow as a field because it is too localized.  But I let go of the idea because I didn't think I was good enough at any non-native languages, but after being in korea for five months and only a week and a half here, it might be possible.  In order to apply for comp lit programs, I need to be proficient at two non-native languages, and it is beginning to look as if those two could be korean and spanish if I continue to work diligently on them.  I also need a read-only language, which could be french.....  But why comp lit? Well, it just seems to fit a lot better with who I am.  It would allow me to study not only literature, but language and culture as well.  In addition, my time in Korea as well as my time in Paris and Spain would be quite "on track,"  whereas this period in my life overseas is pretty much off the English lit track.  Moreover my major in Human Biology would actually lend itself to studying comp lit, since my area of concentration was anthropological.  I'm not sure what I'd say about Hum Bio if I were to be applying to English lit programs.  Plus, a career including traveling and being overseas would be encouraged in a field like comp lit, whereas it would be highly discouraged in english lit (except for hopping over to England, of course).  I would have to hide that aspect of my goals if I were to apply to English lit programs. One other great thing about switching is that I'd be permitted to apply to the comp lit program at Stanford, whereas the English grad program would never ever admit someone who was an english major as a Stanford undergrad (it's considered "academic inbreeding").    Plus, I don't love English literature because it is in ENGLISH.  I just love the art of literature, and I know that I would love it even more if I could study it without being limited to one language or to anglo-phone locales.    It all makes sense, right? The only problem is...I don't know if I am at all qualified.  I took zero comp lit classes or college level language courses when I was at Stanford, and I don't know if that's ok.  It is an interdisciplinary field, though, so there is a chance that if what I've done over the course of the past five years is relevant, I'm good to go.  We'll see.  I've gotta do some research, but I can't really do that until I am back in Korea.....  That's all for now.  Lots of other things going on in my head, which is the nice thing about being here alone.  I've had some good quality time just journalling, writing poetry again, and reflecting.  Thanks for your prayers.