         So I decided to create a blog account.  Actually, I created it months ago, but never got around to writing in it because I really didn't understand it.  I mean, why do people blog, or online journal? I am assuming you write with an audience in mind, right? Is it to keep yourself accountable to writing and thinking and reflecting on your life, or are you just having a one-way conversation with a vague group of people? I've been reading some blogs and I realize that friends will read each other's and respond to each other in their blogs. That's a funny phenomenon, don't you think?=)  It is like a very very delayed conversation.  Why do we do it? I'm just wondering.    But you know, my fascination with it makes me want to try it.  Right now, as I write, I definitely have an audience in mind.  Ironically, I have not given my blog ID to anyone, so I won't even really have an "audience" for awhile.  So in reality I am just writing to myself, just like a real journal, and yet I am not, because the intention (and even motivation) is different.  When I look at my heart, there are two things going on: 1) I have always had a hard time journalling consistently, and I know that a blog will help keep me accountable to that, but it hurts my pride that I need a sort of audience to do it...you know what I mean? I wish that I could do it of my own accord, in private, like my friend Jan, who writes in her journal all the time. 2) I know that I need to overcome the pride, and I also want to be writing more, so I am going to do it.  hehe, that's sort of circular and funny logic, but it's convincing me enough to start writing to this site.  So, what do I see this blog site becoming? A place to think, to reflect, to pray, to encourage others, and to create.  I write poetry, which I've NEVER shown anyone, but I hope to someday soon overcome that barrier of self-consciousness to be able to divulge more of myself to my world. For the most part, I am a very open and transparent person, but for some reason, I haven't been able to share my poetry.  That touches too deep, too close, I guess. But it'll be good for me.  Don't expect it too soon, though, it might take me awhile.  Anyway, some thoughts on where I am right now.  I am leaving the Bay Area soon, on Sunday actually, and I am feeling incredibly heavy at heart to leave the people and places that I have grown to love in my last five years here.  A part of me is afraid that I won't ever see some of them again, but I know that that is silly.  People keep telling me that the world is a smaller place than I think.  I want to believe that....I want to believe that I will see everyone I've ever loved again.    But at the same time that I feel this sadness, I am cherishing my friendships even more with each passing day as my departure draws near.  In that sense, it is a bittersweet time, because it is sweet to know that you are loved, that you will be missed, and that you love, and that you will miss those special to you.  God's love is amazing, and to see it reflected in human relationships is an amazing thing too.  If this is how it is on earth, I can see how the Scriptures would say "I'd rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God than dwell in the tents of wickedness....Better is one day in your courts than a thousand elsewhere..." The sweetness of love between friends, magnified to the eternal-heavenly scale, except that the  friend is GOD Himself...it's just so incredible that my mind can hardly wrap itself around the concept.  It's funny, phases in life are always beginning or ending, and I have found that the moments of big goodbyes always make me long for heaven.  Not only to meet my brothers and sisters there, but even moreso, to embrace once and for all the Love of my Holy God for me, to become like Him in seeing Him as He is, to finally experience a love that does not end in its incomparably sublime culmination.  This deep longing for heaven was true when I left Korea that great summer of 1998, when I graduated college last year, when I broke up with a long-term boyfriend, and now, as I leave _this_ place, KCPC youth group, friends in the Bay Area as well as SoCal, and my family to go to Korea for a year and then who knows where from there.  Heaven is on my mind, and in my heart, because I realize that the Lord is the only constant in my life and forever. It is not so sad as it is beautiful though.  That I realize. I am blessed by people, the beauty of life, and the love of God, all of which I do not deserve.  I can only praise God when I look back on these past five years. If anyone could have the kind of life experiences and friendships that I've had here in the Bay Area, I'd say they were supremely blessed. I am supremely blessed! Oddly, the fact that this phase of my life is ending makes it even more beautiful.....as Rich Mullins put it so succintly in His song "Elijah": " And when I look back on the stars, it'll be like a candlelight in Central Park..."  That line emphasizes the beauty of the contrast of light and darkness, and in this case, sadness and joy, friendships and goodbyes, closeness and farness--  the effect of the whole which is beautiful.  Now, where to? Korea! What to expect? The goodness of God to be sure.....that's one thing I know that I can hold onto.  A new chapter in my life is now beginning...I am excited!   The view from here is lovely......