         Unexpectedly, I have had some time to relax and rest here in Seoul, because my cousins couldn't meet me until later this afternoon (it's Saturday morning right now). I'll be going to Chung Ju around 4pm, and then back to Pohang on the overnight bus Sunday evening.  So what did I do all Thursday and Friday? I just hung out with my aunt. I helped her make kakddoogeeh kimchi and other banchans. I loooooove my aunt.  I also did some reading, played guitar, refurbished my blog.    Last night I hung out with my buddy Yohan in Deh-hak-no, at this awesome live jazz bar called Chunnyun Dongando. We saw two groups perform, and it was the wildest thing for me to see Koreans playing music from the whole of the American jazz tradition.  Between the two groups, they played everything from "Cheek to Cheek" to "I Feel Good" to a reggae version of "Swing Low Sweet Chariot."  They played fusion jazz, swing, bebop, new orleans, everything. And they were gooood.  Of course, all the songs they did were American.  Last night it really hit home how American jazz music is....I mean, it originated soley in the United States with the Black American heritage, and sitting in that bar last night I felt proud to be an American. I smiled to myself as I just wrote that line, because I am rarely one to feel patriotic, but last night I guess I did.  The thing is, jazz is such a rich tradition because of the historical and cultural contexts in which it was wrought.  If you've read Ellison's  Invisible Man  (absolutely highly recommended book for any American), you know that jazz is more than just a few catchy tunes.  It really embodies a history of racial conflict and the voice of a powerful, passionate subculture. When I looked around me, I knew that most of the Koreans in that room had no idea about the origin and meaning and evolution of jazz music.  They were just enjoying good music.  It made me sad and proud at the same time. It made me sad that they couldn't fully appreciate the depth of the aural art that jazz is, and yet proud that despite that, it is still impacting audiences around the world.  I mean, in Korea of all places! Yohan told me that there is even a famous jazz music school across the street from the jazz club. He plays the drums, and would like to study there someday.   I saw another interesting thing though...what the music actually  did  to these Korean musicians. There was this female singer for instance. When she wasn't singing, and just speaking to the audience, she was the typical shy, demure, yamjunhan korean woman. I mean, you could hardly hear what she was saying, she spoke so softly.  But when she started singing! She got  down .  I wasn't even the one who noticed it; Yohan pointed it out to me first.  But his comment made me start noticing the other musicians, and it was the same thing.  For the most part, they all seemed sort of stiff and formal, but when the music started, you could actually  see  them getting lost in the synergy of improvisation, the catharsis of dynamic expression.  I'm telling you, jazz is powerful down to the subconscious level.   It's been a good time. Chung Ju won't be as relaxing though, because my cousin's children are super hyper, and they often wear me out.  I mean, I adore them, but I need to prepare myself mentally. haha  I really want to write my thoughts on being an American overseas at this time in world history, but my notes are in my other journal in Pohang. I'll have to wait on that. That's going to be a really long entry, because you will hear for the first time what my political views are, and where I stand in terms of being for or against war. Exciting, eh? haha.  I don't usually talk about my political views, because they aren't typically American Conservative Christian (uh...republican?), and I usually get slammed.   Like the time I voted for Gore, and the entire youth group staff was shocked.  I remember, Darren and I were the only ones who thought of voting for Gore, although in the end I think he ended up voting for Bush too. Hmmm, now that I have set up a comments system, I am wondering if people will still respond negatively to my political beliefs.....the only thing I can say is that I do try my best to let the Word guide me, rather than men.  Oh, but in case you are wondering, I do not consider myself a Democrat either.  Independent, I guess.  I mention all that only because the following are notes for myself, to be added to my notes in the other journal, so that I don't forget. Disregard the gibberish....it's just for myself: (paul scotchmer just war theory notes in retreat book what eemo said about sk and nk han, jeong daegoo appa, john's blog)