         I'm back in Seoul, and happy to be here. It's unbelievable how much I missed my aunt and her cooking.  When she opened the door, I just wanted to kiss her all over her face, but of course I didn't. ^^ She would've freaked out. hehe But boy, was it gooooooood to eat kimchi again!!!!!  My last week in Spain was wonderful. I had a beautiful time in Barcelona, and when I got back, I spent a lot of time with Jaime and his family, and I met up with Cova and all her friends the night before I left. My last morning was really nice. I had breakfast at Jaime's, and his mother gave me a big hug, made me promise to come back to their home, and Jaime's father took me to the airport and made sure I got to the right gate and everything.    Leaving was strange.  At the same time that I was really anxious and excited about getting back to Korea, I was also very sad to leave Madrid. I realized that in the five weeks that I was in Spain, God taught me a lot in my solitude and in my relationships with my friends there.  It was like a really long, extended retreat of sorts. And while I can't say it was "fun" (I mean, it was really great, don't get me wrong, but that is just _not_ the right word), I can definitely say that it was  rich  (_that's_ the perfect word, given to me by janice ahn ^^).  I feel almost like a different person, I don't know. It's weird.  I mean, I am back in Korea, where everything went on just the same without me for five weeks....  while I was alone in an entirely different part of the world, faced with myself.....MYSELF.....   That's the best I can explain it.  But it is really surreal being back. Just got off the phone with Joyce and Joanne, and it feels like I haven't seen or talked to them in ages. And I saw pictures of them and Ro on Joyce's site, and it seems like I haven't seen Ro for even longer....and it's like I have this huge weight on my chest because I feel overwhelmed by all that I have to tell them, when I don't even know exactly what it is I want to tell them.  I think it's more a feeling like I've changed in some significant way, but it's like being mute because I don't have articulated in my mind how or what or when or who or why etc.  I mean, I wrote a lot on this site while I was in Spain, but I am not sure just how much of it my friends read.  So yeah. It's just weird.  But I really missed them. And I can't wait to see them again. ^^  Unexpected news today though. I have to move out of my lovely apartment, the one just upstairs from Joyce and Jo, to one in an entirely different building. My aunt gave me the message today, I talked with a guy on the phone in Handong administration, and there's really nothing I can do about it. :( It's fine, I mean, my building will still be close to jo and jo's.  But the stressful thing is that I have to be back in Pohang on Wednesady to start moving!  Can you believe it? I was expecting to chill out, veg out, all this week, and now instead, I'll be lifting heavy furniture, packing boxes, arranging rooms, etc. And the train ride to Pohang is another 6 hours of traveling.... gggrrrrrrr  But at least Joyce is there, Ro too, and my other friend Sung Jeh oppa. They can help me move! And of course we can catch up and all. ^^  Ok, gotta run now, because I'm chatting online. But I have sooooo much to write about (as usual). This time about things I realized in Spain about being American, and Korean American at that. More later.