         I was expecting to be much busier this semester, but it hasnt turned out like that.  There were several extracurriculars that I was going to be involved in , but they somehow all fell through.  The swing club I had been envisioning didnt work out because the student I was going to start it with unexpectedly went on leave this semester.  The EM pastor who had asked me last semester to help lead a praise team for the EM Sunday service this semester unexpectedly did not have his contract renewed, and so thats not happening.  And since his wife, Min, really spearheaded our womens ministry last semester, after she left its been hard for Jo and I to get it going again.  Were not having weekly bible studies anymore, and at this point we are just hoping to organize a couple of larger scale conferences or seminars for the semester.   There had also been a chance that I might be teaching a English lit class in the place of a professor on sabbatical, but they found a more qualified PhD to take his position.    All this has left me feeling somewhat aimless. I love Handong, and I would like to be more connected to this community, whether it be through ministry or participating in an extracurricular activity. The dissatisfaction with this state of things has recently begun to creep into my consciousness, and I have been praying that God would provide me some opportunities for involvement.  Already a couple of things have come within purview. The first is a community choir that another professor has started up. Apparently they are going to be singing classical choral pieces, songs from musicals, as well as praise songs. I have already been asked to lead the group in a couple of praise songs with my guitar for next weeks meeting, so I am hoping that this will be one of the activities in which I can invest my time and energy.   The second thing is something that I would like to start with my day classes. Recently the prospect of integrating faith and learning has begun to excite me again. Last Friday I had a free day with my classes since we got a little ahead in the textbook. I took the opportunity to teach them a praise song, and I had them write reflections on it as well as share in small groups. Speaking from a language teachers point of view, it was a dream lesson because it had my students practicing a whole slew of skills speaking, listening, reading, writing, pronunciation, and vocabularyin a beautifully organic way.   Speaking from the point of view of a Christian, it was a wonderful way to bring Christ into the classroom. I got to share with them about how I see my job as more than just teaching English, but as a way to get the gospel out to the nations. Since English is now a language spoken all over the world, I shared with them that one of my personal goals was to help equip them in speaking about their faith in English so that they could have the confidence to go anywhere in the world and effectively be the light of Christ. For the non-Christians, I encouraged them to use the song as a platform in which to discuss their questions about Christianity with their classmates. Though it didnt really happen that way, it got me thinking. The benefits of encouraging discussions with an apologetic bent would be two-fold. It would be good for the Christians in getting them to think about and to express why they believe what they believe; it would be good for the non-Christians in getting them to think about the hard metaphysical questions that standard education often leaves out. And all of this in English!   After some thought, however, I realized that there wasnt enough class time in the semester to get accomplished all that I would like to in terms of building what I am going to call faith language with my freshmen students, who are still at the basic-intermediate level of linguistic expression. And then the idea came to me. When I reflected on what was the most meaningful part of that days lesson, it wasnt even the song. It was the discussion of a verse that I had typed at the bottom of the page, which I felt related to the song. As a class, we picked out the difficult biblical vocabulary, and tried to find their meaning in context. It worked like a charm.   You know in Phil 2:13, where it says For it is God who works in you to will and to do according to His good purpose? Well, when I asked the students what part of speech will was, they all replied the rote answer: noun. Will is usually a noun in modern day usage, but when I told them that it wasnt a noun in this case, they seemed puzzled. Suddenly they were really interested. I asked them to investigate the meaning in context (a skill they had recently learned), and they eventually figured out that it was a verb, the indicators being the parallel usage of do as well as the infinitive marker to. From there, we went on to discuss the meaning of the verse, the message being that God works in us from the inside out, that He is a transformer of hearts, not just actions. We discussed the next three verses too, and it was just awesome.  Anyway, whats the idea that came to me? An optional bible study in English in conjunction with the course. I would love teaching the Word at the nitty gritty micro-level like that, because it satisfies the literary close-reading side of me as well as the theology loving side of me. I think that Ill announce it today and begin circulating sign-ups. I am considering having a separate seekers study for non-Christians, because I noticed that this years freshmen class has a lot more non-Christians than last years. Judging from the written responses to the song, I have at least two in each section, and my 5th period section has 6.thats in contrast to having only one in my one section last semester. I am not sure what the turnout will be, but I can at least try offering both types of studies.   A law professor also approached me recently, wondering if I might like to lead a Reformed bible study for a few undergrads interested in Reformed theology. I got all excited thinking about it, but I dont know these students at all, and I am probably not the most qualified. I think that Ill tell him that Id like to assist, not lead.   Lots to think about, lots to plan for. But you know, this is exactly what Ive been dreaming about doing ever since I went Urbana three winters ago. I am beginning to see what itll be like as a mission-minded professor-- bringing the light of Christ into the university classroom, living the beauty of the gospel through relationships. This is totally what I want to do for the rest of my life, and I can see that Handong is a great stepping stone in that sense.