         Haven't blogged in awhile.  I am just starting to get settled into a pattern this semester, so hopefully I can start updating regularly again.  My flatmate and I might have a wireless connection in our apartment soon.  Technically, we have a wireless connection right now, but the signal strength is so low that it is impossible to stay connected for more than 10 minutes.  Anyway, if we can somehow work it out so that we have a stronger signal, I'll definitely be blogging more.   So much has happened since the last time I blogged though.  Let's see, Allen came to Handong for a few days.  We had a blast just hanging out with my friends and stuff.  He even got to join us for Ro's birthday party, for which we went to Kyung Ju.  We sang in a norebang until 2 in the morning!  They had all the latest songs in English there, so we sang ourselves hoarse.  Joyce has some pics up on her website.  Go check em out...she's linked to this page.    It was so nice having Al here, because it brought my two worlds together, in a way.  He got along fabulously with my friends, which was really touching.  He played volleyball with Ro, had deep talks while running errands with Joyce, and spent a lot of time talking about books and singing with my roomie Jess.  I love it when my friends love each other. ^^  Allen was seriously the easiest guest to host, because he's so chill.  The best part, though, was beating him in a game of basketball. hehe. Ok, he was playing left-handed, but he still thought that he could beat me. DIDN'T THINK SO! HA! I also beat him in a game of Around-the-World.  He beat me in a game of HORSE, but only by one letter. ^^  Good times.   What else? Well, this past Saturday I had a reunion with my ahjummah class from last semester, along with Jess, who is their teacher this semester.  We ate goooooood homemade food.  Anyway, afterwards, Jess somehow convinced me to get my hair done, so I got my hair straightened! I like it a lot...it's just so much easier to manage.  Too bad it took the stylist 6 freakin hours to do my hair! Koreans aren't used to my hair, so he had to do the whole process  twice .  My butt was sore by the seventh hour, but I felt more sorry for the stylist, who was standing the entire time!  He did a good job though.  Afterwards, one of our ahjummahs picked us up, and we went to eat !  It was my first time, and I was proud of myself and Jess for going through with it.  Absolutely delicious. ^^ Still, one time was enough.  I probably won't touch it again for several years.....  Ironically, Jo and Joyce bought a little puppy that very evening!!!!!!! He is sooooooooooooooo adorable!!!!!!!! Moo-moo is a tiny little black-and-white cockerspaniel.  I just fell in love with him.  He's so cute I could just eat him up (figuratively speaking ^^)!!!!!  Joyce has pics of him on her website.  But I don't know if pictures can capture how charming Moo-moo is.  You should see him walk.  He's only fifty days old, so his hind legs are still a little weaker than his front legs.  Yesterday we saw him run around a little though, so he's getting stronger by the minute it seems.  When he walks around underneath the dining table he looks like he's roaming through a forest of chair legs, he's so small. I love him! I tell him that I love him, and he lets me kiss him. ^^ I am going to go see him right now.  Moo-moo here I come!!!!!