         It's been a hectic two weeks, I tell ya.  School started, and it was crazy around here because our department was conducting placement testing for the freshmen for the first time ever.  We professors had to administer all the exams, grade them, and give oral interviews to the students who excelled on the written portion.  713 students.  The hardest part for me was not knowing exactly which classes I would be teaching, since we had no idea how many students would fall into each level.  I planned out a working syllabus for the three "remedial" classes that they originally assigned me, but then, lo and behold, there were far less students than predicted for the remedial level, and all three of my classes got switched to Level 1.  But you know, it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, since fortunately the syllabi for both classes were almost identical in terms of grading distributions and requirements.  That was certainly smart planning on the part of the placement committee.  I didn't get the book until the day before class started though.  Despite the stress of the whole process, however, I really see how the placement testing paid off.  Compared to my day class last semester, I already feel more efficient in teaching my classes this semester because the students are generally similar in level.  Last semester I had several really weak students, and a couple who were strong enough that they should have been exempt from the class altogether.  It made it difficult to prepare, knowing that some would be lost while others would be bored.  So in the end, the craziness of last week was worth it, and it encourages me to know that with each school year the whole process will become more and more finetuned.  In fact, apparently this method of EFL placement at the university level is pretty novel in Korea.  The ministry of education actually donated a building to the language department so that Handong would become a pilot program and a model for other higher educational institutions in Korea! It's pretty exciting, and I feel honored to be a part of it.  The new building should be up by next semester, and I'll be in a brand new office, maybe even overlooking the rice paddies and the ocean if I get an upper floor office facing east. ^^  My schedule this semester is much much better.  If you recall, last semester I taught seven sections, all different courses, and therefore  seven  preps. This semester I teach 5 sections, 2 courses.  The first course I already mentioned: frosh EFL Level 1 (entitled English Communication), three sections.  The second is a night course (for adults in the community) called Junior Communication, for which I have two sections.  Can you believe that I went from seven preps down to two?????? My teaching hours are similar though (18hr/wk, vs 19 last semester), because they increased the hours of EFL instruction for frosh from 2 hrs/wk to 4 hrs/wk. Oof, that was complicated. Hope you are following me. ^^  In addition, my director (he's the best ^^) made it so that my schedule wouldn't be so split. Last semester, I taught five nights a week, and four mornings a week! Sometimes I would be in the office morning, noon, and night for that reason.  I had to really discipline myself to go home in the middle of the day and take a rest.  This semester, my director and I worked it out so that I would teach the last three periods in the day.  It's better that way, since my day classes run straight into my night classes with a dinner break in between.  So now I teach four "late afternoons" and three nights a week.  It's wonderful. I love it, since I prefer the morning hours for my personal time anyway.    I have yet to make personal use of those morning hours, however, since I've been so busy that I've been coming in by 10am every day anyway.  That  will  change though.  I am planning to use that time to spend with God, go running or to the gym, and do some of my hobbies....hopefully I will get into a pattern where I prep for my classes at nights and chill in the mornings.  We'll see.  I already enjoy my classes, and I look forward to what this semester holds in store.  It's gonna be good!!!!  I am afraid that if I keep loving my job this much, I might never want to leave Handong.  But the nice thing is, I can always come back after grad school as a lit prof.  It's nice to have that option, and it makes the thought of leaving next year less difficult.  Who knows what will happen? Only God.   Lately I've been feeling a little down though.  Maybe it's because I haven't made much time for myself.  Overworking is bad for you, it really is.  I haven't really been able to sit down and reflect and do all the little things I like to do everyday.  That can be such a bummer. All those little things add up for holistic well-being.^^ Last night though, Jo and I played ping pong in the gym and later a game of basketball with some of our night students.  I haven't laughed so hard or run around so much in awhile. It felt good, refreshing.  Still, I need to take some time out just to be by myself, too, like right now.  Catch up on reflecting.  Spend time singing praises to the Lord, one my all time favorite things to do.  Read a good book.  Give myself the time and solitude to be creative, sketch or write a poem or work on that song I am trying to write (a measly little refrain at the moment). And so many other little things.  I've said before that I am a jack of all trades and master of none, and it's funny...it's really my nature, so even though I know that all these little activities will not amount to much in the end in terms of measurable accomplishment, I still have to and must do them, simply because they are my release.  They give me immense personal satisfaction.  Another thing that is definitely affecting my mood is the state of world affairs.  I know that I said I would, but I don't know if I am going to write about all my opinions on what is going on, because it's draining.  Everyday I watch the news and I feel frustrated, sad, mad, helpless, and I constantly wonder.....Lord, when?  Today I read in the gospel of Mark the part where Jesus talks about the end times, and if these aren't it then I don't know what is.  Time passes, and I only see men getting more depraved, more hopeless, their minds more darkened.    Jesus will not return until the gospel has reached all the nations, but what about nations like Spain, or the rest of modern Europe? Most Christians consider Europe as a "reached" part of the world, but I feel like a new "nation" has overtaken the old one that  was  "reached," the sort of nation that isn't defined by blood, but by philosophy, ideas.  When I was in Spain, I can honestly attest that most of the younger generations have NO idea who Jesus is. They've heard his name, and think they know who He is, but I would categorize them as "unreached" because they've never heard even one proclamation of the  truth , the gospel.  What's worse is that they've been conditioned to close their ears to the truth, just in case they hear it, you know what I mean?  Theologically, the concept of "nations" is not quite so concrete, I think, because the Bible was obviously not thinking of "nations" in terms of the literal borders designated by the world, since those are subject to change and are not culturally monolithic in and of themselves anyway.  Time, changing intellectual climates, not to mention societal structures and culture, multiplied by human mortality, can make for generational cultural makeovers and therefore new "nations," no? My point is not to pursue some random theological inquiry; it's just that the urgency of the spreading the gospel is so  real  to me lately, with my recent trips to Europe and the recent talk of war .  What if the extent of the unreached is much much greater than the 10/40 window we always pray about?  How much more, then, do we need Christians out there filling all the world with salt and light?  Anyway, those are some thoughts lately.  I also feel a little lonely. I miss home these days.  I miss LA and my family and friends there.  Oh and the Bay Area and my friends there too.  Fortunately Allen is coming to Korea, and he's gonna stop by Handong on his way to visiting relatives in Busan and Daegoo!  I am really looking forward to seeing him. It'll be good good good to catch up.  And I am really really looking forward to going to Cali in the summer. I'll be there mid June-ish, so please call me and plan on hanging out with me. ^^