         The first real Seeker's Cafe study was today, and the hot topic was Christian Liberty. It was AWESOME.  11 students showed up, a perfect number given the size of my apartment and the sort of dynamic I wanted for discussion.    I decided to present it from the angle of ultra Reformed Christian Liberty (which I believe is totally biblical anyway), since for the most part young Korean Christians have one only been taught legalism.  We looked closely at passages/verses from Galations, Titus, Hebrews, and Romans.  I allowed them to speak Korean to each other and to me (since the seeker's cafe is not a language-learning- oriented study), although of course I spoke English to them.  That worked out beautifully, because it got them comfortable, talkative, and strangely enough, super analytical since they were trying to figure out the English verses in Korean.  I think the part that jazzed them the most was Paul's emphasis in Romans 7 and Galations 5 that the two extremes, legalism vs. self-indulgence, are BOTH forms of slavery that kill.  They already knew that in relation to self-indulgence, but they had not thought of it in light of legalism.  We spent a lot of time discussing just what legalism is, and looking at Scripture to see what the harmful results of legalism actually are.  I tried to emphasize above all that God wants us to grow in character and in the faculties of wisdom and prudence, all of which are short-circuited when we take the easy way out and make black and white laws to be used for every grey situation.  We talked about many more integral issues surrounding this topic, but I don't have the energy to go into them all at the moment.  It was one of those discussions where everyone was on the same page, the momentum building as the study progressed.  Confirmation to me that Scripture had really spoken the truth to them came at the end of the study: I told them that I drank wine once in awhile and that I loved going to salsa dance clubs, and they didn't even flinch.  They were just nodding their heads, fully understanding that "to the pure, all things are pure."    I can't wait until next week.  It'll be Part 2 of Christian Liberty: Nurturing Freedom in our Relationship with Christ.  This week's focus was Christian liberty as it is lived out in the world.  The next question is, what does freedom look like in my personal, intimate relationship with the Lord?  The other week, one student quite insightfully asked the question, "I know that after I accept Christ, I am supposed to be free.  But I don't feel free.  What is the meaning and feeling of real freedom?" That's the prompt that will be the seed for next week's study.  I think that I'll be using material from Richard Foster's  The Celebration of Discipline .   dear chang: thanks so much for the white horse inn CD you gave to me last year.  it really helped me prepare for today.