         It's one of those days.  I feel sad for no good reason.  It's beautiful outside though.  Thank God for the sun, thank God for those amazing, huge, puffy clouds that you just want to eat up.  Thank God for that powerful wind that sweeps them across the sky so that it almost feels like the land is moving and the clouds standing still.  Random thought.  Why is it that friendships between men and women have to be so complicated? I suppose that they don't  have  to be complicated, but they always have been for me, because I have always recognized the constant potential of something else developing on either side other than "just friend"-liness.  My method for years has been to let my male friends in only up to a certain point, a boundary which is nowhere near as intimate as I let my female friends in.  There have been only a select few male friends that I have trusted enough to pass that boundary, but even that has sometimes "backfired."  But lately I've been wondering.....am I missing out by closing off half the world from knowing me....me, the real Sandy, and not the afraid-I'll-hurt-you-or-you'll-hurt-me-so-I-am-going-to-be-distant Sandy?   I had a talk with my roomie, Jess, about this the other day, and she is almost my opposite when it comes to dealing with male friends.  She lets herself be just as intimate with her male friends as she is with her female friends.  She chooses to take the risk, because she thinks it's worth it to know anyone and to let anyone know her that well.  She did admit that it could be "dangerous" sometimes, but she just knows how to deal with it, and she deals with it as it comes.  She doesn't think 1000 steps ahead the way I do with men.  I have a tendency to sweep men that I know immediately into one of three categories, almost as soon as I meet them: 1) someone who could be a friend, 2) someone who could never be a friend, and 3) someone whom I could potentially like.  Honestly, men very rarely fall into the last category.  I would say that only two, or maybe three times in my life has anyone fallen into that category.   And usually, when I set up the customary boundaries, the motivation more often than not is a fear that the guy might like me.  I don't want to hurt anyone.  I don't want to reject anyone.    I am realizing that what I do is very prideful.  If you analyze it, you could basically conclude that I think that any guy I know will like me.  How lame is that!  When I think about it, it makes me feel ashamed.  And you know what? I am tired, really tired, of all this juggling of and analyzing and reading into and dancing around and shutting off from my male friends....especially the ones that I just really like as people, even if I don't think that I could ever like them romantically.  I'd like finally to be free to get to know them deeply, free to be simply myself.  I am beginning to feel like I am missing out.    The issue is, what if I do end up hurting them by letting them in? Or what if I end up hurting myself? Before, those were big enough deterrents.  But now I am not so sure.  Now I am wondering if it is better to risk such hurt for the sake of the greater treasures in getting to know and care about a person, regardless of whether or not the person is male or female.  I don't want to have to care about gender.   But really, I just don't know what's wise anymore.    I can't believe that I'm writing about this here, but if you have any strong opinions on the topic, write me a shout out.