         Jess and I had a bunch of colleagues over for dinner today, and all in all we had a good time.  When the service this morning became a topic of conversation, however, things got a little tense in a debate over whether or not the hip hop dance was appropriate for the service.    Jess and I couldn't believe it, because we were both incredibly blessed by it.  But there were some who thought that some things are better left out of a Sunday worship service, that there should be some level of "sacredness" and "reverence" preserved.  My question was, well, what is your definition of "sacred"?  Is your definition bibically based, or culturally based (Christian culture, that is)? The dance performance powerfully portrayed the gospel, albeit through a medium that is usually considered very secular.  But why should dance be sinful?  What makes it sinful, except that it has been twisted and corrupted by fallen man?  But the thing in itself is not sin.  It is good, because God made it.  Dance is just another form of creative expression in which we can reflect the image of God the Creator.    Jess and I were arguing that even dance could be and should be redeemed for the glory of God, that it should be seen and done in light of the Christian worldview.  Someone said, "Well, I understand that, but then shouldn't it look different from what's done secularly?"  I didn't understand what he meant though, because this morning's performance was entirely centered on Christ.  Did he mean the discrete movements themselves? How are we supposed to create distinctly Christian dance movements?  That's like saying that if you want to be Christian, you need to create a brand new language in which to communicate, for fear that using the same language as nonChristians might be less acceptable to God.  That's obviously absurd, because God made it so that we be in, though not of, the world.  Well the same goes for dance.  I think that because Jess and I are dancers, we know what a wonderful thing dance is.  We know firsthand the amazing experience of using your entire body in a thrilling interpretation of music and movement.  That's why it is so obvious to us that it is not incompatible with worshipping the Lord, that it too could be "sacred."    "Then David danced before the Lord with all his might....Michal, Saul's daughter, looked through a window and saw King David leaping and whirling before the Lord and she despised him in her heart......[she said to him],'How glorious was the king of Israel today in the eyes of the maids his servants, as one of the base fellows shamelessly uncovers himself!'    So David said to Michal, 'It was before the Lord, who chose me instead of your father and all his house, to appoint me ruler over the people of the Lord, over Israel.  Therefore I will play music before the Lord.  And I will be even more undignified than this, and will be humble in my own sight'..." (excerpted from 2 Samuel 6)