         So I'll try to finish now.  Where was I....oh yes, I just finished talking about my first four days here.  Well, my flatmate finally arrived on Monday, and things really changed from there.  She showed me all the know's and how-to's at Handong and introduced me to some of the other English faculty.  That was such a refreshing day.  It was nice to open my mouth again and have some human contact.  Seriously, I don't think that I ever appreciated it so much!   The next 2 days we spent at a faculty retreat, for which we stayed in a really nice hotel.  It was great.  Not just the hotel :), but the retreat itself. Because Handong is a Christian university, the seminars were focused very much on integrating faith and learning....interesting stuff! Although the seminars just scratched the surface of the subject, it is something that is sort of a long term project for me since I aspire to be a tentmaking missionary/professor.  The big question is, how can I display Christ's light  in  my teaching?  I mean, if "the earth is the Lord's and everything in it" (ps 24), then there has to be a way to uncover the truth of God in any subject that is taught in schools, right? English lit for sure.  In grad school I hope to really throw myself into developing teaching techniques that incite discussion of literature in conjunction with philosophy and worldviews.  In another entry perhaps, I'll write about the connections that I see between poetry (I love poetry!) and Truth. For now though, I am trying to think of ways to integrate faith with language instruction.    I've met some really great people here so far. There are three other ESL teachers who are around my age: Joyce, Jo, and Ro...Joyce is from San Diego, Ro is a missionary kid who is white but grew up in Japan (and went to a Bible college in Seattle), and Joanne is Korean-Australian (born in Korea, went to Australia when she was three).  I really bonded with them because they are all very adventurous, strong sort of women.  They are total warriors for Christ, too.  Joyce also wants to be a tentmaker professor (of ESL) in a Muslim country someday, so we had a good talk about our visions as well as future-husband-stuffs :) (This is a random sidenote, but I have a great office on the fourth floor of a building in Handong, with my own desk and computer, and Joyce for an officemate.). Because of these people, as well as so many other God-ward faculty and administrators that I've met, I get this warm feeling in my heart when I think about being a part of this school.  Handong Global University's vision is to equip Christian leaders in many different areas of expertise to go out and serve the world,  especially the needy in Asia, and to nurture in their students godly character, equipped to share the good news of Christ .  I feel like all the faculty, or nearly all the faculty, are one in this vision, and see their jobs as more than just teaching.  Professors and students alike just really love and respect each other.  Case in point, today I saw a female student run up to a female professor, bow, and say in the most sincere voice, " Professor! You are back! I am so happy to see you! How was your missions trip?" They hugged and clasped hands as they talked.  It was a heart-warming sight, I tell ya.   It's neat, I get to pray aloud before starting my classes, and not only teach, but get involved in ministries.  Jo is heading up a brand new women's ministry that will seek to dispel the non-biblical, korean notions of what womanhood is, and train female students in biblical womanhood, which is beyond culture.  She's asked me to lead a Bible Study for it, which I am going to consider doing once I figure out how busy I am.  We are also going to start up some girls' sports teams (there are none, and all the sport courts are always dominated by males with females just watchin on the sidelines; this really bothers me).  I will be playing basketball again more regularly, yay! I played a couple games with some of the foreign faculty last Sunday, and it was so much fun.  I need to practice mah skills, hehe.  Despite all these great things, though, it is really weird being in a brand new place where no one knows you well.  It's weird to be the one that everyone is trying to figure out.  They won't say that they are trying to figure you out, but I think that it is a subconscious mechanism that turns on when anyone meets anyone new.  They're wondering what you like to do, what your talents are, how smart you are, what you think of them, etc.  I know because I do it too.  And since everyone I meet here is new to me, I am constantly...wondering.  So all of this is odd-- everyone wondering about me, and me wondering about everyone.  It is a very self-conscious process, which I am not proud of admitting, and so it is extra difficult to not do or do something because of how it might "look".  Like on Sunday, I had to consciously tell myself "don't go into the office if the only reason you are going is to look as diligent as the others".  And so I didn't go, because the reason would have been totally based on self-consciousness.  It's funny, because I don't like to work on Sundays anyway, but there was definitely a temptation....I didn't want to look lazy, although I am sure no one thought that of me! Being "the new one" has brought out the sinful part of me that wants man's esteem, when I should desire God's first and foremost.  I never knew that that impulse in me was so strong. I hate it.  Whenever it comes up, and especially when I give into it, I really realize how shallow I can be, and I hate it.  God's esteem is all that I  want  to want.   Lord, help me to reorient my desire for esteem from men to a desire for esteem  solely  from You.  What is man that I should fear him?     Okay, I think that I am pretty much caught up, but gosh, I still have other things I want to write about.  Tomorrow, or whenever I find time, I'll talk about some new reflections I've had on missions, both during my time in Europe as well as here.