         Whew. What a day.  I had my first Bible Study labs today, and it was awesome, but tiring.  I finished my day classes around 6 for that reason, and then had to come back to teach an evening class from 9:30 to 11:05pm.  Thursdays are going to be really wearisome.  But tonight I am going to sleep well, and my heart is full.    The students responded really well to the study.  We are going through the first part of Ephesians 1, and we are taking it turtle pace, I tell ya! But it's good for us, because the riches of God's Word are so immense.  We are tearing the text apart, really using the tools of grammar to help us read more deeply into Scripture. A really simple yet profound example: "...he chose us..." Who is the subject? "He." So who is doing  the choosing? "God." Who did He choose? "Us."  'What tense is "chose"? "Simple past."  Simple past signifies a completed action, once and for all, totally finished.  And we talked about those three words for at least 10 minutes, and all it's theological implications-- discussing God in His sovereignty, His glory, and His LOVE toward us, especially considering that he completed all the simple past actions "before the creation of the world."  That's just a taste of the linguistic flavor of this kind of bible study, but you would have loved the discussion of Paul's use of the present perfect tense. :)   The first Seeker's Cafe was at my place on Tuesday night, too, and that was great.  15 of us were squeezed into my tiny apartment, and we just ate snacks and had a blast playing icebreakers.  Toward the latter part of the evening, we quieted down the mood and I had them write down all their questions or doubts about Christianity.  We'll be using those questions as the topical bases for future meetings.  They wrote a bunch of great questions, but they all more or less fell into four categories:  1) The tension in "knowing" God when He is both transcendent and immanent, 2) The problem of suffering and evil, 3) Christian liberty, and 4) General criticisms of Christianity as an institution.    I am so excited about this.  Several nonbelievers showed up at the meeting on Tuesday, as well as the bs labs today.  And I am encouraged by all the Christians who have such a desire to study the Word in English and be equipped apologetically.  Please please pray for me, that I would teach the Word of God uncompromisingly, and with a transparent and loving heart.  I really love my students.  Just seeing the looks in their eyes as we were sharing in the love of God through His Word.....it was precious.  They are so hungry to know Him!   Oh God, what am I? What can I do? Speak for me!