         So I'm all better already.  It only lasted 24 hours, thank goodness.      Anyway, an update on what is happening with my classes.  Between my three sections, I'd say that a dozen students or so  didn't  sign up!  And, since I offered a "Seeker's Cafe" in addition, many signed up for both! At the end of the day on Friday, I found myself with a mess on my hands.....how in the world was I going to manage SIX small groups all by myself?  I worried about it all weekend.    But now I have a new plan.  I am going to see the bible study as a sort of lab for the course, since nearly everyone signed up anyway.  It'll be once a week, right after all my class periods.  See, it's beautiful, because Handong has 90 minute periods, but frosh english classes are only 50 minutes long.  That leaves 40 minutes in which the students have no commitments whatsoever.  I can end class a little early on the bible study days so that we can have a good 45 to 50 minutes for bs, sharing, praying, and singing.  I am planning on using the manuscript study technique (InterVarsity? It's where you have Scripture typed out in big font, double spaced, with large margins on the page, so that you can mark it all up) because I think it will lend itself well to ESL students.  I can have them circling action words, underlining powerful adjectives, etc....I want the students to be discovering the meaning of Scripture using the skills they learn in my class, so in that sense it will be somewhat academic at the same time that it will be devotional (hopefully).    As for the Seeker's Cafe, I decided that it is not as important that we meet every week for its purposes, so I am going to rotate the sections.  I'll have one section a week coming over to my place for goodies and apologetics. :) The first meetings will be Q&A, and subsequent meetings building upon the common themes and questions that will have come up.  I am really excited about this, maybe even more than the lab bs, because this experience is going to force me to polish my own apologetic approaches. Lately I've done a lot of apologetical reading, and I am eager to share the knowledge.  Please pray for me.  This could be a powerful ministry if it works out well.  I've converted my roomie, Jess, too.  She heard my idea, got all excited about it, and is going to try it with her classes too!