         I just wrote a long entry, and I lost it! :(    Well, I guess I'll try to write it again, but I don't know if I will remember everything.   I have mixed feelings about last night's Seeker's Cafe.  The topic was "Proving the Existence of God," which of course is a fascinating topic, and the subject of many of my students' questions in the survey I gave at the beginning of the semester.  I could not keep the discussion from getting quite philosophical however, and the problem with that was the langauge barrier.  I have said that in past studies the language barrier actually served to work to my students' benefit, because it forced them to look closely at  biblical text and really analyze it in the process of translation.  But last night the language barrier was just that, a barrier.  I kept wishing that I could talk about this stuff in Korean, or that they knew English fluently.  Another difficulty was that though the topic could be a university semester-long course, I was trying to fit in all the main points into one hour and a half session!  I ended up talking most of the time, because if I let them discuss long enough to come to conclusions themselves (which is ideally what should happen), it would have taken way too long.  Still, I can't say that it wasn't beneficial.  I would say that a little more than half the students were really into it, excited about the topic,  and following me every step of the way.  This was fortunate, because I used one of them, Kevin, to translate into Korean for me every so often.  At the end he exclaimed, "Sandra! Tonight I understood you the best, more than in the past.  I think that my English comprehension is getting better!"  He and the other excited students stayed longer afterwards and discussed some more amongst themselves.  What a contrast to three of the students who seemed totally and completely lost! It was so sad for me, because I knew that they were lost more because of the language barrier than the ideas themselves, but I couldn't slow down to catch them up to speed.  It's like I left them in the dust somewhere near the beginning.  I felt horrible about that.  Harry, a student that reminds me of my bro, and who I am really close to and fond of, was one of the clueless ones.  As he was leaving, he had a sad look on his face, and with a wry smile said to me, "That was stressful.  I didn't understand anything.  I am never coming to the Seeker's Cafe again."  He said it jokingly, but I know that he was speaking the truth.  Two non-Christians came.  I was glad that they were interested enough in the topic to come, but I couldn't really tell how much they understood.  They didn't seem lost, since they had these thoughtful looks on their faces, but they didn't say a word the whole time.  At the end, I asked one of them, Haro, if she had understood everything I had said.  Surprisingly she said, "Yes."  She then went on to add, "But I still don't believe in God...yet."  That "yet" is so interesting.  It's like she knows that she will eventually believe or something.  Her friend told me that recently Haro had bought her first Bible, and that she has been reading it on her own.  I encouraged her to come to me if she had any questions about Christianity, and she seemed pretty receptive.  She took down my email address, so I hope that she emails me.      After they left, I just sat on my couch thinking, "I think that I just scared away half of them from ever coming again.  Given the language barrier, shouldn't I make the studies more simplistic?"  The thing is, these are college students, and even if their English abilities are elementary, their thinking capabilities are not.  And what is the Seeker's Cafe about? It's about seeking the truth, and stretching the mind to know God more.  I don't want to compromise that objective.  So I have decided that I am OK if fewer students come from now on, because the ones who do come will be the ones who are really engaged in and excited about deep questions.  If those students also happen to be stronger in English, than so be it.  Next week's topic is "The Problem of Evil."  It's probably going to be pretty philosophical again, so if anyone has any great ideas about how I can get the students discussing about the topic themselves (without me having to speak the whole time), let me know.  Remember that although I speak in English to them, they can speak in Korean with each other and to me.  Help me please....