         The Festival starts today, so I don't have to teach for the rest of the week! But my schedule is still packed...  Tonight I am making a "guest appearance" ^^ at the singing contest with another prof, Abraham Lee, and we are singing "A Little Fall of Rain" from Les Miserables, and another song called "Savior Lead Us."  We only started practicing yesterday, so we don't have it together yet! Agh! But we'll be practicing this morning, so hopefully we'll be ready by tonight....I know the first song pretty well, but "Savior Lead Us" is a brand new song for me and I barely got the melody down at 1 am last night.  Anyway, I'll let you know how it goes.  I have to admit that practicing has been really fun.  It's been a long time since I've sung songs like these solo, songs that are really dramatic and stuff.  I've been only singing praise for years now it seems.  On Thursday, I am going on an "MT" with my 6th period class, which I guess is something like a mini-retreat.  Apparently we are going to eat lunch, walk to Chilpo beach, play games there and sing and have fun, eat dinner, play more throughout the night, and watch the sunrise before we come back to campus.  Sounds fun, since I adore this class (they are soooo sweet, cute, and spunky), but I know that it's going to be mucho tiring.  Then, on Friday morning, students are coming to our house to make food for the Global Food Festival. Last Sunday we taught a group of them how to make ceviche (delicious!) and tortilla espanola, so this week they are buying all the ingredients and stuff so that we'll be ready to go on Friday morning for some mad cookin.  We'll cook all morning long, and then participate in the food festival, which begins at 1:30 that day.    Crazy week!!!!!!!!! Hopefully I'll be able to relax on Saturday, although I've promised someone I'd play basketball with them, and I am tempted to go to Busan for some dancing (they have salsa AND swing clubs there!!!!) with Jess.  We'll see.  If I keep running around like this, though, I am going to collapse. :)