         Okay, so I have finally found a moment to breathe in the midst of all the hecticness. School started today. My classes were ok, but it is definitely weird having an evening schedule, and even weirder teaching korean adults. As long as we are only speaking English in the classroom, it's good fun. But I have a feeling that if Korean enters the classroom, even an inkling of it, then it'll get all weird because of the whole honorific-who's-the-authority-here thing.  My students range between late twenties and ...um....I'd say late 40's.   I've been in Korea for about 12 days now, and boy has it been a mixture of experiences.  The first four days here were really difficult for me.  First of all, my flight to Pohang from Inchon was canceled, so I had to fly into Daegoo instead. From there, I took a taxi to the bus terminal, where I took a bus to Pohang.  Once I finally got to Pohang, I took another taxi to Handong.  Oh, did I mention that it was raining really hard? And that I was carrying two huge suitcases (a year's worth of stuff, you know), a small duffle, and a backpack, and that no one would help me? Not the taxi driver, not the bus driver, not anyone standing around.  I don't like to say it, but I really did feel sorry for myself.  Anyway, the story's not over.  I arrived at Handong, only to find out that it was a national holiday!! No one was around because everyone had the day off! So there I was with a heap of luggage, and nowhere to go.  I decided to put down my luggage anywhere dry, and started wandering around campus in search of a human being.  I finally came upon one building with its doors open, so I entered and eventually found a man sitting in his office. He told me that I was in the high school, that he didn't know anything about the university, and that he couldn't help me.  He was obviously at work on a holiday because he had a lot to do.  I felt really bad for bothering him.  But he was my only hope.  Fortunately, he took pity on me (it must've been because I looked like I was going to cry), changed his mind about not helping me, and started calling around.  He finally got in touch with the man I was looking for, Mr. Goo, who ended up coming 3 hours later to get me, because he was at a wedding.  When he finally arrived, Mr. Goo showed me to my apartment, helped bring up my luggage, and then left.    The following three days were a few of the loneliest days of my life.  My flatmate was not around yet, and I  did not meet a single soul.  I don't know why Gregg, the guy who hired me, told me that I had to be on campus by Aug 15th.....the faculty retreat was not until the 20th, and no one came back until the 19th.  Not only was I alone, but I did not know how to get into town, which is 20 minutes away by bus, and I had to survive on ramen purchased at the on-campus convenient store until my flatmate finally came and showed me around.  I am usually good at finding my way around (I mean, I just got back from backpacking through Europe!), but there were really just too many obstacles in this situation. I had no leads. Nowhere to purchase a map. No one to ask, unless I wandered into a random building again to ask the intricacies of getting into town when Handong buses have no signs at their bus-stops (students just "know" where the bus stops are in town).  So yeah, I was totally stuck. Oh, and in my apartment, you have to turn on the gas to get hot water and to use the stove.  You guessed it, I didn't know where the switches were, and so took cold showers and only used the microwave for a few days. It was a nightmare! I talked with my mom on day 2, and you wouldn't believe how I was bawling like a baby.:) haha  But you know, as bad as it sounds, I had some awesome times with the Lord during those lonely lonely days.  He was so real to me, because I was stripped of everything I knew, vulnerable and weak before Him.  Thank the Lord that my flatmate had a guitar lying around.  It and my Bible were lifesavers...I passed most of those days praising, reading the Word, or taking walks on Handong's beautiful grounds.  I felt so helpless, but I couldn't thank God enough for His grace and His steadfast love, which are new  every  morning. But I also learned in those four days that we are made to be around people...we need people to have fun with, to emphathize with, to encourage and to be encouraged by.  We need to need each other, to love each other, to experience God's character through each other. I remember being such an independent nut as a freshmen ("I don't need anyone but God...friends? I don't need friends. Jesus is my friend." ), but God has taught me a lot about human relationships since then. :) Love, relationship, fellowship...all these things are a reflection of God's Trinitarian Self.  Love originated IN God, exchanged amongst Himself-- the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.  With creation, that overabundance of love flowed down from Creator to creature, and we are blessed to experience an analogy of that perfect love in our human relationships.  We need it, it is necessary to our constitution, and yet Christ is the only one who can fulfill it completely and express it perfectly.   So yeah, I admit it, I need you guys.  Thanks for being my friends :). I see Christ in your love for me.  Ok, I am going to have to finish this later, because I am tired and I have class in the morn.