         This past weekend was a long weekend because Children's Day was on Monday.  Ro, Joyce, Joanne, and I went to Seoul and stayed in a nice motel for three nights.  We had a blast just shopping, going to the movies, eating out, etc.  It was great fun! My only regret is that we didn't get to go swing dancing or to the jazz club that I went to with Yohan. Next time, I guess. Jess did mention to me today that she found out about some happening salsa scenes in Busan and Daegoo, which are only a couple of hours away by bus.  I might be taggin along with her and her Pohang dancing buddies for some salsa shakin. :)  The best part of my trip to Seoul were the times in the evenings before we would go to sleep.  We would pray together, read Scripture aloud, and sing praise songs in such a natural, organic way.  The beauty of sisters in Christ.  It was such a pleasant way of ending a full day of rompin around the big city-- settling down in utmost comfort, and letting the peace of God reign in our hearts.  I still prefer Handong though.  We arrived here last night, and as we made our way around the bends of the narrow highway that leads to our school in the coastal mountains, the vision of the vast ocean at night, the silouettes of trees against the moonlight, the scent of pine and salt and rice fields mingling and filling my soul as I breathed it all in....all of it called out home to me.    What do I mean by home?  Well, when I was young I had always dreamed of living in nature.  I loved to read books set in the eighteenth or nineteenth century British (Austen, the Brontes) or American (Louisa May Alcott) or Canadian (LM Montgomery) countryside.  When I would draw pictures, I would always envision a woman walking through the woods, the wind blowing her hair and ruffling her light dress, only to be sorely disappointed with what I actually produced on paper.  When I was in middle school, I would gaze out the window at the sky past the hill just behind our house, wondering what land met it on the other side of the summit.  I would imagine fields stretching across for miles, with big trees for me to climb, and bubbling creeks for me to dip my feet in.  Little did I know that Los Angeles did not cradle such idyllic scenery! :)  When I finally reached the top of the hill in junior high, I was monumentally disappointed to find that all there was were just more identical urban condos, just like mine.  :(  My brother and I would play around our "Great Wall of China," though, which was this random slab of broken wall on the hill on which we could sit and watch a fantastic LA sundown.    I would love it when my family would go camping.  We would make these two to three week treks up the west coast with another family, stopping at camp grounds along the way, sleeping in tents, and making Korean food on portable burners.  The smell of burning firewood outside and the sound of zipping tents remind me of those camping trips to this day.  We stopped camping in the summers once the oldest child of the two families went away to college-- at the time I was just entering high school.  I never told anyone this, but I was really really sad about it.  For some reason I associated the end of camping with the end of my childhood, most likely because my summers thereafter were filled with pre-college-application activities. But once, just once, when I was in college, my family resurrected the camping tradition and we went by ourselves to a nearby campsite on a night with no moon.  After the rest had gone to sleep, I laid outside on a rock for hours, just watching the dozens of shooting stars and getting eaten by mosquitoes.    Even senior year at Stanford, when I discovered my passion for English lit, the period and genre in literature that captivated me the most was British Romantic poetry, which in essence celebrates the beautiful and the sublime in Nature with a capital N.  And everyday I would retreat to the Stanford foothills in the crisp of the morning, where I had discovered for myself special nooks and crannies that nearly satisfied my quest for solitude in nature.  There were eroded crevices that became bubbling brooks during the rainy season, and even huge, strong trees which I could climb up and sit in for hours.    The dreams I had as a child of communing with nature did not by any means fade away with time; no, the more I experienced it, the more it whetted my appetite.  Handong is the zenith so far.  I really can find genuine stretches of nature here.  I have the woods at my backdoor, the ocean within view and a hike's reach, rice paddy fields to stroll in, and a beautiful natural lake just a short walk from the edge of campus.  For a long time I hated the city, especially Los Angeles.  But living in San Francisco last year won me over.  I fell in love with that city, and as a result, have come to appreciate cities in general.  I thought that I could never live in an urban area, but now I think that I can, as long as I have nature within reach for an occasional breath of fresh air.  I recently wrote this in an email to jan, but it's worth repeating here since it's on the same train of thought. For me, nature is the beauty of God's pure creation, whereas the city holds the beauty and frailty of man's creativity. I love nature more because in nature I can see more clearly who God is in His majesty and holiness, and I can be with Him in a more intimate and focused solitude (this is just me, of course...God touches each person uniquely). But I do love the city too, because it is the place of man's creation, which is beautiful and ugly at the same time.   How did this blog get so long? All I wanted to say was that it is nice to be home. :) It rained today, but I hope that the sun comes out tomorrow so that I can take a nice, long, peaceful walk.  Tonight was the second Seeker's Cafe, and I was glad to see two non-Christians come this time.  We had a great time talking about freedom in our personal relationship with God, centering the discussion around His infinite unchanging love toward us.  We discussed in detail the passage in John 20 where Jesus appears to Mary after His resurrection, as well as the Trinitarian moment of Jesus' baptism in Luke 3, and it was powerful.  From those two passages we exegeted the doctrine of the Trinity and the necessity of love in God's nature, as well as the absolute personalness of that love toward us.  As Brenning Manning once said, "Being loved by God is far more important than loving God."  It's the difference between grace and works.  Both are important, but there is a proper sequence of what comes first so that the other might follow.  Of first importance is simply being, not doing.  Please pray for the non Christians who came today.  While the students were discussing the questions and passages in pairs, I was praying for them.  They are genuinely seeking...they both regularly attend the bible study labs on Thursdays as well.  Please pray that God would speak the truth to their hearts, and that the truth will set them free.