         In Seoul right now.  Kinda spontaneous.  I have piles of grading to do, and I just didn't want to be holed up at Handong while doing it.   For some reason the thought of going to Seoul and sitting in a cafe to grade seemed much more palatable. haha, well, I guess that wasn't the only reason.  Two other motivating factors for the actualization of such a capricious impulse were 1) the thought of seeing my aunt again (and eating her good food), and 2) the opportunity of dancing all night long at the swing festival here on Sunday night.  Those three elements were enough for me to spend 60,000 won on a round trip train ticket that would keep me in Seoul for only two days and three nights, not to mention 5 hours of sitting on a train at either end.  Estoy loca, me dices? Well, no, it's perfect actually.  I found myself grading like a mad woman on the train ride here, so that if I do the same thing on the train ride back, I can actually finish what I brought without actually having to grade much while I am in Seoul.  Today I am going to go to a cafe in Myung Dong, grade for just an hour, and spend a few more hours reading my own books and studying Korean.  Too bad I didn't bring Spanish to study, I probably could have fit that in too...  I have noticed that I have an idiosyncratic method of time management.  I really guard my non-working time, so I try to maximize it as much as possible.  For example, I don't teach until 1:30 pm everyday (since I sometimes teach until 11 pm at night), so I usually leave my prepping until just before I teach (between 11:30am and 12pm, eating my lunch while I am doing it) so that it doesn't impinge on my morning free time.  Or I'll stay up late the night before, right after 6 hours of teaching, so that I don't have to come in at all until 1:20 the next day.  I also rarely work on weekends.  I'd rather stress myself out like crazy and work for 12 hours straight on Mondays than have work encroach on my precious weekends.  My working/non-working times have to be discretely partitioned for me to feel like I am both working and relaxing most productively.  Otherwise, if I mix up work and play throughout a day, I am neither efficiently working nor fully relaxed while playing.    That's why I think Seoul was a good idea this weekend.  It would have driven me nuts to be working throughout the weekend.  It would have also taken me much longer to get things done, because it's hard for me to focus when my work/free time borders get hazy.  But this way, I am working, but mostly on the train, which means that I am getting somewhere and doing something at the same time.  I like that. :)  It totally focuses me, because I know that upon arrival I have "my" time.  By going to Seoul, I was able to re-apportion a space of personal time that had been despoiled by the necessity to work.  Consequently, I am thrilled to find that I now still have some  pure  free time to look forward to this weekend!  Too bad it had to be a little costly. ^^  This is going to be a problem next semester that I will have to find a way to adapt to.  I am going back to a split schedule in which, within a week, I have morning, afternoon, and night classes.  My first semester was like that and I felt like I was working all the time...    Well, not the time to worry about that now.  I'll leave that for Monday.