         Yesterday was a good day.  In the morning I had a sweet time with the Lord.  In the afternoon I held my last classes, so touching that I cried in two of my sections.  In the evening my fourth and sixth period classes played a soccer game against each other, and then a bunch of us went out afterwards to eat and go bowling and to the norebang.  It was such a great time.  I feel like I was laughing all night long, and that was really refreshing.  I'll put up pics once my students send them to me.  In my last classes I shared with them the song I left KCPC with almost exactly one year ago, "He's Always Been Faithful" by Sara Groves.  I didn't have anything to teach them from our textbook, since we were done with the material for the semester, so I had to think of what I wanted to leave them with.  That song immediately came to mind, because the lyrics so beautifully remind us of God's love and sovereignty in our lives.  I mean, that's what faithfulness in perfection is, isn't it? Perfect love mingled with awesome sovereignty.  It is such a powerful message...I think the students were really touched. hehe, usually I would make them photocopies of the song, but this time I wrote the lyrics on the board and made them copy it down for themselves.  It was my trick to make them really pay attention to each word.    We went over vocabulary questions of course, ^^ and then I shared with them the meaning of the song in my life, as well as my favorite line "I can't remember a trial or a pain He did not recycle to bring me gain."  I told them that that song marked the end of 5 years in the Bay Area to travel across the world, not knowing what my life would be like so far from home.  But as I looked at their faces, it brought tears to my eyes to realize in that moment, after a year of teaching at Handong, that God really does know me intimately, that He really does love me perfectly, and that He really is wonderfully sovereign over my life.     He's Always Been Faithful   Morning by morning, I wake up to find  the power and comfort of God's hand in mine. Season by season, I watch Him amazed,  in awe of the mystery of His perfect ways. All I have need of, His hand will provide.  He's always been faithful to me. I can't remember a trial or a pain  He did not recycle to bring me gain.  I can't remember one single regret  in serving God only and trusting His hand. All I have need of, His hand will provide.  He's always been faithful to me. This is my anthem, this is my song,  the theme of the stories I've heard for so long. God has been faithful, He will be again.  His loving compassion, it knows no end. All I have need of, His hand will provide,  He's always been faithful to me.  I asked my students to remember this message for those inevitable moments when life is difficult or just doesn't make sense.  I hope they do.  I'm really really going to miss these classes.  With all the Bible Study labs and Seeker's Cafe's this semester, there is a tremendous feeling of rapport that is going to be hard to let go of and ever recreate again.  I know that last semester I said that my one day class was special to me, but this semester even moreso, because I had the opportunity get to know my students at a deeper level.  I was able to share so much more with them than just English.  It was strange.  I took the CD and my stereo with me to my classes to play the song for them, but whenever I tried, the CD would skip horribly.  In between classes, in my office, the song would play perfectly smoothly.  Uncanny.  So what kept happening was that I would play the first part through before the CD went nuts, fiddle with the CD for a few minutes, trying to get it to work properly, and then I'd end up singing the second verse and on by myself, acappella.  That happened in all three classes! Maybe God wanted me to sing for them, I don't know.  I thought it was pretty funny though.