         How  much I listen might very well be more of an indication of my heart's posture before God than what I say to Him.  Lately I have been dissatisfied with my prayer life...it feels parched of depth, of dynamism.  It's not that I don't care about what I am praying for.  I pray for my friends, my family, my students, Handong, my future, my husband, the world, etc., and I honestly and sincerely care about all of those things.    When I was writing to my friend yesterday, I realized that the problem is not that I don't care enough about the things I am praying for.  It's that I don't care enough about God.  I am focusing on people, things, me, and not on Him.  I've been a Martha in my prayer life.  Martha would probably sit down to pray with an elaborate prayer list, starting immediately and efficiently spewing out prayer items, undoubtedly waxing eloquent when need be.  She would focus on doing her best in prayer for the Lord.    Mary, on the other hand, would just focus on being with Him-- listening to Him, asking questions, wanting to be subsumed by His words and His character.    So now I am trying to be a better listener.  It is incredibly difficult to have enough patience and focus.  I get so easily distracted... I always used to think that discipline in prayer life just meant being consistent, praying everyday.  But that's not enough.  Now I see that it is also about  how  I pray, and that the easier thing to do is just do do do.  The more difficult thing is to actually focus on God Himself, to the point where I become nothing in comparison to His sublime beauty, and He becomes the All in all.   How long have I been praying like this?  I remember that there used to be a time when it was just natural for me to have a Mary-like posture in prayer.  That might have been as far back as when I was a freshmen in college.  Somewhere down the line I forgot that prayer is supposed to influence and change me to conform to God's will, rather than me trying to influence God to conform to my will.  While it is still difficult at this point to focus and have patience, there is nevertheless a breath of release with the resurgence of this simple truth.  Prayer should be a two-way conversation, not a confrontation in which I attempt to accomplish the goals for some pre-established agenda.   When I meet God in prayer, He just wants me to meet Him.  Just to be  with  Him.   It seems that I have been carrying a great weight that's just been lifted off.  Maybe I can fly now.