         This is pretty much the last teaching week, since next week is dead week, and finals is the week after.  This semester went by so fast!!!!!!!!!!!  Tuesday was the last seeker's cafe, and it went really well.  Because of my frustration with the last study a couple of weeks ago, I really thought hard about how to structure this one so that the students would be talking more.  What I did was present them with a few philosophical puzzles and exercises in logic in order to counter the atheistic statement,"Evil exists, therefore God does not exist."  They really got into it, and they made some great insights and asked good questions.  Then we went on to look at Scripture and to discuss the role of suffering in the life of a Christian, as well as the answer to the problem of evil in the cross of Christ.  I kind of wish that we had another study altogether for the latter part, because as it was we couldn't get as deeply into it as I would have liked.  I do think that we all came away from the study having learned something though.    15 students were crammed into my apartment, all from different sections, and afterwards we devoured some ice cream together.  As I watched them take pictures and laughingly jostle each other to get near the little tubs of ice cream, I felt happy and sad at the same time-- happy that I had this great opportunity to teach and learn from these students, sad that I could've done more and that the time was already up.  I want to remember that moment as a source of motivation and inspiration at the beginning of next semester.  After ice cream, we all headed out to the basketball courts. Since 13 of us wanted to play, we had a quasi-tournament with 2 teams of 4 and one team of 5.  My team won! 3 out of 4 games, aw yeah. :)  That was the highlight of this week, to be sure.  It's been up and down for different reasons, but I thank God that He is the one constant in my life.  Yesterday I spent half the day with the Lord, just trying to sit and be with Him, listening to Him. A friend wrote me about desiring to hear God, and her email made me realize that I have been such a Martha in my prayer life.  More on that later.