         I've been sitting here, wondering what  I should write about.  I feel so numb.  I was talking to a couple of friends last night, and I was sharing with them that being home makes me feel inert, sluggish, and lazy.  There were so many goals and projects I had been planning on working on while I was here, but it seems like I am barely accomplishing anything right now.  What's wrong with me? It's some sorta funk.  So yeah, I've been down on myself.  I am wondering if it's home, or if it's LA.  If it's LA, then that's a problem if I want to go to UCLA for grad school, or any other school in a big city.  Is it something about ultra-urbanness that strips me of all inspiration and energy?  When I am at a place like Handong, my beautiful surroundings alone are enough to get me really excited about the truly important things in life.  But here, in this consumer-driven madness, all I want is immediate gratification for everything that stimulates my superficial desires: trendy clothes, good food, nifty appliances, quick image fixes (infomercials can get tempting), cute boys, the list goes on.  Call it the Faustian Orgy of Materialistic and Hollow Distractions.  But maybe it's not the big city.  Maybe it's home, and all the childhood ghosts that lurk in the corners of rooms that over the years have accumulated a whole lot of junk-- "junk" in both the physical and emotional/spiritual sense.  Physically, there is just a lot of stuff in my room and in the garage that is part of a general chaotic mess.....I can't sort through anything, I can't find anything that I need to find.  I don't quite feel at home because I am still living out of a suitcase for fear that if I begin to organize and settle down, the task will be too involved and never-ending.  To put it simply, there is no SPACE.  I feel claustrophobic in my house.  More abstractly, I find myself slipping back into roles that I played in my family and in friendships when I was young, that I thought I had grown out of.   These roles cramp...stifle...pigeonhole me.  They perpetuate negative reinforcements about my character and my abilities that I thought I had resolved and worked through.  But it almost feels like I have no choice but to give into them.  There is no SPACE for me to be who I have become away from home, because the majority of the people I know here have no idea how much I've changed in recent years.  Or how much I have changed even in this past year.  I mean, even  I  had no idea how much I'd changed until this summer; here, I keep running into the ghost of my old self, and I want to yell at her, "Go away!"  The sad effect of this phenomenon is a huge dearth of quality conversations.  Honestly, I think I've had like two all summer.  Somehow I can't get myself to share deeply about what is really important, partially because of my own vacuous frame of mind right now, and partially because it would take too much energy to catch the other person up with what has happened to me in the past six, or four, or two years.  Most conversations circle around the infamous FOMHD (see above paragraph for acronym), and it's really....sad.  I suppose it's a mixture of all these things, this funk.  The only "productive" thing I have been doing is getting ready for grad school apps-- researching schools, reading up on relevant material in the field, tackling logistics.  But it leaves me with an empty feeling when spiritually, I feel far from God, and this whole grad school thing is about Him.  On top of that, I haven't gotten to any of my other "projects," like studying my languages, writing poetry, and brainstorming for the courses I am teaching next semester.   A year and a half ago, when I was reading Jonathan Edwards'  Religious Affections , I was brought out of a serious depression as Edwards helped me meditate on the Beauty of God in His Holiness.  It forever changed how I would perceive God and what it means to love Him: Loving God for God's own sake, not loving God because of what He's done for me.  Loving God devoid of self-interest.  Dwelling on His character, then, and being swept away by who He is.  I think that I need to go through that book again, but, as expected, I can't seem to find it in this mess.