         To my dear chicitas all over the world (Joyce in Korea, soon to be in Uzbek, Joanne in Australia, Ro in the middle of her five countries): sorry that I have been so delinquent in contributing to our blogger ring. ^^ Thank you so much for your sweet shout-outs.  I miss you girls dearly.  When I think of Korea, my chest cramps a bit missing Handong and you.  Honestly, I think that I have been avoiding updating.  That sometimes happens to me when I feel overwhelmed with things to share...  haha, but I am laughing at my last entry.  I used the word "substrate."  What a science-y word.  And "accrue" is oh-so-quantitative.  I was hanging out with all my science-y friends at the time: Esther the epidemiologist, Tina the biologist, Tamara the ecologist, and Carmen the physiologist.  kkk  They were my Stanford drawmmates, and I met them in my dorm sophomore year, when I was still "only" a Hum Bio major.  They were all in the Hum Bio core with me, save Tina, who opted instead to go straight Bio.  Anyway, they all stayed science-y, whereas I eventually made an insurgent about-face into what stanfordites call "fuzziness"-- the humanities. :) I'm fuzzy all over now, but I still love my drawies, and I am still interested in techieness believe it or not....when it comes up. ;) When I'm with these girls, and it is a normal thing while drinking coffee to speculate on why caffiene helps allergy symptoms, or have an innocent question like "Why is it that the enjoyment of anything can't last forever?" while suntanning on the beach turn into a spiel about stress endocrinology, I thoroughly and veritably enjoy myself (to be fair though, the latter thread did eventually turn theological ^^).  It's refreshing to see that side of life again.  It's like putting on a pair of yellow-tinted glasses that makes the whole world seem clearer and brighter...no joke! Miss you girls!  As for me,  I am still wide-eyed with being in the States again.  These past couple of weeks have begun a new journey into who I am with respect to my history, my heritage.  Little did I know that a year in the motherland would forever change the way I look at Koreans in America, and in particular how I see my family.  On the drive down to LA, I ended up trying to tell Tam about my father's amazing story of how his family fled from North to South Korea when he was a child, of his life as an orphan after his mother died when he was only 13 (his father had died just before he was born), and his eventual immigration to the States with my mother just before having my sister, their first child.  But when I tried, I was frustrated to find that there were huge gaps and cloudy details in the story....which makes sense, since when my dad first told it to me, the language barrier kept my memory of it hazy at best.  So I took the opportunity of our Fourth of July family reunion to get it right, now that my korean is vastly improved.  I had my dad tell me the story, and then I had my uncle, his elder brother, tell me his version.  It struck me as even more of a heart-wrenching and incredible story then I remembered.  My mother also took the occasion to tell me about my favorite aunt, who is actually my mom's cousin by blood and sister by adoption, and the depressing story of how and why her parents abandoned her as a child.  I still need to sit down and piece it all together in light of Korean history, since both stories are deeply entangled in the heated political situation at the time.    These stories, along with living in Korea and coming to understand how Koreans view America, have given me a new perspective on Koreans in America.  Driving through Koreatown with a friend the other day was very much a climactic experience for me.  All of a sudden it was clear why there was a place like Koreatown in LA at all, the kinds of dreams and motivations that brought thousands of Korean immigrants to a land where prestigious degrees became bunk and everyone had to start at ground zero. I also understand more clearly the misfortunes the expatriots were fleeing from even though, in this "Land of Gold" as they called it,  their muddled tongues could not produce the language of power.  Attending my church again, the biggest Korean church in all of California, possibly in all of the US, illumined for me more than ever the generational divide, and the role of the church in both reconciling and perpetuating it.  The differing ideologies buttressing these generational conflicts are clearer now as well, not to mention the penetrating impact of the language barrier.  Hybrid: I am a child of two lands, of two tongues.  My own life links two countries across the Pacific Ocean; in me east meets west, in me fiery independence mingles with an incorrigible communal identity, in me one country's history overlaps another's, an alloyed history self-embattled in many ways.    I've always wondered why my family has its yearly, very Korean reunion on Independence Day, arguably the most "American" of holidays.  Now I wonder how it could have ever been unclear: it's a celebration of the children, of the hybrids.  We are American, but they don't want us to forget that we are Korean.  I am a legacy of the American dream, but I am also a triumph of Korea.  What I mean by that can be distilled in something my uncle said to me at the reunion: "One day one of our future children will become the president of the United States.  A Korean, American president."  Ironically, or should I say perforce, he said this in korean.  That's his dream, and his sentiments do not differ much from the other first generationers.  Our successes not only bring prestige to our family-- they are also symbolic of redeeming and healing Korea's broken past.  I don't have time to do it right now at this point in my life, but it has become a secret wish of mine to eventually write a memoir or collection of short stories about my family history.  My uncle, who is functionally the patriarch of our family, since my paternal grandparents are dead and he is the oldest male known to be alive (an older brother might still be alive in North Korea), was thrilled that I showed interest in our family history.  He kept saying that it would take him days to sit down and say everything he wanted to say about it, but he told me that he would put me in touch with a distant relative in Korea who is a Chi and who has been piecing together the different historical threads of our family for most of his life.  I would love to go to North Korea someday and go to my father's hometown and research our ancestry.  It might already be too late...our familial memory is already quite elusive since my father and uncle left North Korea so early on in their lives, and haven't been back due to the hateful 38th parallel.  But when North Korea finally opens its borders to the world, I hope someday to go in.