         I'm in Korea again and it feels soooooooooo good.  I didn't realize just how much I missed it until I landed in Incheon and the sound of Korean being spoken all around me made me feel all warm inside.  And then, that beautiful stretch on the narrow road through the rice fields just before reaching Handong, and the first glimpse of the Handong Global University sign....words can't do justice to the happiness those sights bring me.  Yesterday morning, my first morning back at Handong, I woke up at 5 am due to jet lag.  I couldn't go back to sleep, so I decided to take a walk.  Oh my goodness, when I walked outside, I was taken aback by the beauty before me.  The sky was a gorgeous dawn rose, the air balmy, the landscape lush and green.  There was not a single soul out, it seemed, and it was silent save for the chorus of chirping birds and crickets.  It was a pleasant, peaceful ramble, and by the end of it I felt like a new person.  I walked up the back steps of the church to the highest point in Handong, from where you can see a magnificent view of rice fields and woods and mountains, all the way out to the distant, still ocean.    I sat there and prayed like I haven't prayed in a really really long time.  And I repented.  I've been so sinful....not so much in outward action, but fatally so in my heart.  I haven't been a very nice person lately.  Just really self-focused.  Ok, self-centered.  I asked God to renew my passion for Him and to inspire me again with who HE IS.  I unknowingly was harboring and repressing several hidden fears, and they all surfaced violently like a volcano.  Fears about grad school, about friendship, about marriage, about missions, but at the center was the greatest fear of all: a fear of myself.  It was this terrifying suspicion that I was a counterfeit and a wimp, and that I would never follow through with living my life fully for Christ.  That I would just cop out and settle for living for myself instead.    I felt all ALONE and hopeless....and then God hit me with the simple yet profound truth: That's right, if it was just you, you wouldn't be able to do it, but  My grace is sufficient for you.....     With that, I left the bleak summer of apathy and defeat behind me.  It is yet another new beginning, and I feel like I am just learning for the first time the meaning of the word  trust .     I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.