         Last night I had one of those weird moments when you, all of a sudden and for a fleeting moment, realize how dreamlike and ephemeral this life is.  I had the bedside lamp on, and I was reading Henri Nowen's  The Return of the Prodigal Son .  Something he wrote must have triggered the presentiment, but somehow in an instant I wasn't sure if I was dreaming or if I was real.  I laid the book down on my stomach, stared up at the blank ceiling, and felt slightly sick to the stomach.  My future flashed before my eyes and then I was dead.  Dead, that's it.  The question creeped into my head, what if this  is  all there is? My existence just a blip in time, meaningless, and therefore, hardly existent?  I remember the first time I had this feeling, and it was powerfully gripping.  I was in the 4th grade, and my family was taking a road trip/camping trip up the west coast.  We used to own a station wagon back then, and I was sitting alone in the backseat that faced out, toward the rear window.  The scene is still clear in my mind's eye: the sun was setting, and the sky was all ablaze with an eerie glow.  We were on a winding road, the kind that diminishes into the horizon, and the landscape of mountains and plains was breathtaking.  It was quiet in the car; I think my brother and sister were sleeping.  In that silence and beauty, I was compelled by the questions, "Is this real?"  "Am I real?"  "What happens when I die?" When I tried to imagine heaven, it terrified me.  The concept of living eternally, even if it were in a perfect place, shook me to my bones.  But when I reasoned that perhaps nothing was after this life, I felt immensely desolate inside.  I wept silently until I fell asleep, but I couldn't understand why I was crying.  Since then I have had other similar twinklings of existential panic, but none quite so intense and prolonged as that first time.  As I grew in Christ, I think, the truth of the matter quelled the fear too.  My concept of heaven and of God matured, and when I actually began to  desire  Christ, the metaphysical was no longer so frightful.  And of course, as my intellect matured, it became no longer  logically  viable that there could  not   be a transcendent, yet immanent, God in the universe.     But I still have those moments once in a long while, and I don't think that there is anything in this life that could be as deeply disturbing and lonely and depressing.  For some odd reason, I tried to hold onto that moment last night.  I really wanted to prolong it, and do some mental exercises with it.  But I couldn't.  As soon as I thought of Christ, the illusion disintegrated and the shining truth would not let me deceive myself for very long.    That was grace of course.  Oddly enough, I slept very well last night.