         This week seemed like a month.  It's Sunday night and the cycle starts all over again tomorrow.  Although, it'll be infinitely better this week since its festival time again, which means that I have Wednesday through Sunday off.  Jess and I are going to Jeju Island to relax for those precious few days.  I say "precious", because we have no vacation after that for the rest of the semester.  I have been overworking, so I am banning myself from bringing work along.  Sunbathing, leisure reading, and sightseeing, here I come!  This past week however, despite the busyness, was fulfilling.  I had some really great classes, had a reunion with one of my classes from last semester, and gave a major presentation for the Department of Language Ed on Wednesday.  I've never given such a professional presentation before, and it was quite stressful preparing for it, but in the end the hard work paid off.  Jessica and I presented on practical ways to integrate faith and language learning into the English Reading and Discussion course.  We went all the way, with a powerpoint presentation and diagrams and quotes and handouts and tagteaming.  I think what I liked most about it was organizing and synthesizing elements of my teaching experience that I am passionate about into a coherent and fluid unit of expression.  Our department responded warmly, and it looks like there will be a lot of dialogue about this subject in the future.  In my spare moments I have been working on my statement of purpose, and this weekend was pretty much dedicated to it.  I don't know how I feel about this whole process.  On the one hand, I find it strange to have to boast about myself, but on the other hand, I have been enjoying reflecting on the past few years of my life and how God has brought me to where I am today.  What I really need now is inspiration from God to give the ideas a dynamic structure and a force of eloquence that can only come from deep sincerity.  I'm not there yet.  I keep getting into this mode where I want to "sell" myself, but I don't think that's the best way.  I end up sounding gimmicky and affectedly intellectual.  I know that there must be a mode in which my passion could come through,  resplendently and profoundly honest.  I'm going to keep editing until I reach that epiphany.