         Today, reading my brother's   blog  , I realized that he has entered the same stage of life as me.  Weird.  The things he is thinking about are the things that have been weighing on my mind for some time now:  the desire to meet someone special, and settle down in marriage.....and yet the desire to do so many things before marriage, and take full advantage of the gift of singlehood by living uninhibitedly for God.  I have come to a place where I am now afraid of dating.  Someone asked me out on a date the other day, and I said no to him!  He is Korean-Korean, a real sweetheart, someone who loves the Lord.  And he couldn't have been more direct....no one has EVER been this direct with me so early on in our friendship (I've known him for only like 3 weeks):   "Would you go out with me?"     "On a date you mean?" "Yes! Of course." "Um...no...I'm sorry...I 'm not ready....I'm not interested...we can be friends but..."  I couldn't do it.  I had seen it coming actually, so it wasn't like he had taken me totally by surprise, except that he was so direct (very unKorean).  I respected his directness though.  It was very honest, and quite manly.  I prefer that to sneakiness.  But why the rejection?  Part of it was that I didn't feel any attraction whatsoever...I should say  yet  since I don't know him very well... part of it was a fear of doing something that has become quite unfamiliar to me...but the biggest part of it was the fact that I am now of "marriageable age" and any decision I make regarding guys seems to be infinitely weightier.  So I just freaked out I guess.  I mean, what harm could one date have done? Since we don't know each other very well, it would have just been a chance to talk and get to know each other, for better or for worse.  But I just couldn't.  I guess I fear dating because in my mind dating=marriage.  Now I know that that equation is quite silly, but I guess I can't help feeling it.  Case in point, my mother called me the other day and told me that all of a sudden people are asking her to set me up with their sons!  You KNOW those parents are thinking dating=marriage.  That weirded me out completely.  I said no to her, too.  I just want to live all-out for God, no-holds barred.  I guess a part of me thinks that a man would inhibit me in some way?  I truly wonder if it is possible that there could be someone out there who could love me, and whom I could love, and yet not distract me from God (past experiences of broken relationships can do that to you I guess).    Like John said, this special phase in life, in which I am both independent and single, is a gift from God.  But it is also such a confusing phase!!! Do women have it harder than men? For some reason, I think so.  Most guys are conditioned to think that the women they marry will just follow them in whatever they do.  So it seems that women have to be more careful of who WE choose.  Maybe I'm wrong.    Anyway, all I can say is that this is a very WEIRD stage in life.