         I was going to take the time today to reply to a bunch of emails that have been stacking up in my inbox, but my stanford account is temporarily closed for maintenance.  Sorry about that.  I'll write back to you all soon....blogging will have to do for now.  School is back in full swing and I feel like I barely have time to sit down and catch my breath.  My schedule is actually pretty light, with only two Reading and Discussion sections, one Public Speaking class, and 2 continuing ed classes which are not assessed or graded.  But I am still running around all over the place.  Hopefully things will settle down soon.  I really need to focus on grad school apps, and at this rate that's never going to happen.  I was supposed to get a bulk of grad school stuff done this week during the Chusok break, but I haven't been very successful.  Thursday was a Chusok potluck with all the foreign faculty, after which some of us played basketball in the rain.  Super fun and super wet.  Then we had a women's Bible study that night, and when I got home I went straight to bed.    Yesterday was also unproductive. Some of us went out for a yummy lunch at Tofu Village, then went to watch Pirates of the Caribbean at the brand new theater, after which we hurried home to spend the rest of the evening scared and in the dark because of the havoc the crazy typhoon was wreaking outside.  It was seriously crazy!  The wind was so strong that it actually shook our building all night.  I thought the roof was going to fly off.  Outside you could hear things breaking and flying against the buildings.  Jessica and I tried to distract ourselves by lighting candles (the electricity was out of course), and singing praise songs really loudly.  It worked pretty well.  By 1 am I was so tired that I actually somehow fell asleep, but Jess told me that she couldn't sleep until around 3:00, when the typhoon finally started winding down.  When I woke up this morning, I couldn't believe how sunny and beautiful it was.  It's almost like the night before had been a mere dream.  But when I went out for a walk, hard evidence of the typhoon was strewn all over the place.  Trees, baskteball hoop stands, trash cans, motorcycles, benches, you name it...everything had fallen to the ground.  Everywhere lay debris from the roof tops and buildings (the architecture on campus is obviously not very sturdy).  Huge panels from God knows where were in the most random places.  And when I got to the chapel, I found the front glass door shattered and in pieces.  Wow, what a sight.  Workmen have been out since morning cleaning up, and now the campus looks nearly normal again.    But walking around outside made me realize that I could have been in serious danger if I didn't have a place to go last night.  It's a blessing to have shelter, food to eat, and people who care about me.  It made me feel ashamed that I have been so caught up in my own preoccupation with getting into grad school that I failed to stop and appreciate the fact that God provides for me every single day of my life.  Here I was, disappointed in myself that I hadn't gotten more "done" this week, when really, I had "done" a lot.  I had spent good, quality time with people.  That's what's most important.  So even though I know that I still have a lot to do, I had a dose of proper perspective today.  I want to hold onto that, especially when I start getting stressed out again.