         I want to dance again.  I miss it.  I was talking to some friends the other day about the kind of performance dance I used to do, and it just made me sad again that I quit dancing after high school.  I have often felt sad about it, and I need to let this out once and for all, so here I go a-bloggin....  I had a traumatic audition experience for a performance arts college during my senior year in high school, and that's when it all stopped.  The audition was an absolute flop, and I lost all confidence after that.  I was convinced that I sucked and decided that if I wasn't going to be good, I wasn't going to try anymore.    Once I entered Stanford, I couldn't do much beyond a couple classes here and there, and even those classes made me nervous every single time.   The only type of dance I had done was "dance theater" (in the vein of Alvin Ailey, Ron Brown, and Dance Theater of Harlem), which in itself is a hybrid genre, on top of which my dance director choreographed in a very unique style that blended the traditional technique of ballet with the free movement and energy of modern and jazz.  Stanford however, neatly separated everything into discrete categories, none of which I felt comfortable or confident in.    Besides that, that traumatic audition had done something to my psychology that still affects me whenever I enter a dance studio.  I used to walk in excited and comfortable and confident, whereas now it takes everything in me to get myself to even attend a class, and once I do get there, my first impulse is to hide in the back and not talk to anyone.  It's really strange.  Of course, I didn't dare audition for any of the performance groups on campus.   So let's see, now it's been over 6 years since I last danced.  I mean,  really  danced.  And this is now one of my biggest regrets.  I can't express how much I miss preparing for a show, slowly adding music to steps, feeling the parts become a whole, dancing in thrilling interaction with other dancers, infusing my own soul into the movement as the choreography becomes second nature to my body.  See, it's not just dancing that I miss; I miss performing.  I miss the grueling training, I miss the high of  the night .   When I go home to LA, I still pull out videotapes of my high school performances and watch them alone in the living room.  I particularly like watching the dance concert of my senior year, because pathetically enough, it was the height of my short-lived dance career.  I can't fully explain what I feel when I watch that video.  A part of me marvels that that was me, that my body could actually move like that and do those things.  A part of me gets angry that I had been such a quitter.  And of course, a part of me gets depressed, because more than any of those other emotions,  all I want is to dance again .      I could start again, but already my dance muscles are a lot weaker, and my flexibility is nowhere near what it used to be.  I couldn't start again right now anyway, since I am in the mountains and half an hour away from the nearest dance studio.  But I was thinking, grad school might be the second chance.  I wonder if I could get past this stupid psychological wall though...I think that it is possible, since I've long since gotten over my terrible speech fright, and very recently (within the last year), my stage fright with singing in front of an audience.  I think this is the last "fright" I have to get over...