         I'm a little disillusioned right now.  If you follow my page, you know by now that I want to study Comp lit with a focus on Korean poetry. However, since most Comp lit faculties don't have Koreanists, this means that I am going to have to find an advisor outside of the department.    So last week I emailed a UCLA Korean lit prof about the possibilty of working with him should I attend UCLA, attached my statement of purpose, and guess what he said?  He told me that he'd be happy to, as long as I fulfilled the same language requirements as the  Korean  majors. That would mean one year of classical Chinese and three years of Japanese!!!!! The thing is, because I would be a  Complit  major, I would also be studying Spanish, Korean, and a little French too! I don't think that this is possible....I am not sure if this guy realized what he was asking for...I mean, I was planning on studying some Chinese and Japanese anyway, as a background for Korean, but there's no way I could fit all those languages into two years.  So it makes me wonder, who would be my advisor if I attended UCLA? UCLA has a great Korean program, but there is only one Korean lit guy....  Or maybe I'd have to take a year (or two) off during the PhD program to study intensively in Korea...which means a grand total of 8 years in grad school...  Or maybe I should just go to grad school in Korea first, get a masters in Korean lit here, and then go to the States for a PhD in Comp Lit?  gggggrrrrr  The Harvard Korean lit prof was much more encouraging.  His email was warm, and he said that he would be "delighted to" work with me.  He seemed to like the fact that I would be a Koreanist with a  comparative approach.  But yeah right, he'd be "delighted to" work with me if I got IN to Harvard. HA.  That's my reach-school.  Hey, but it does help that I can now drop his name in my application.  Wow, if I got into Harvard, then I wouldn't have to worry about all of the above so much.    Or maybe I SHOULD get a strong background in classical Chinese and Japanese if I want to do quality work as a Koreanist in Comparative Literature.  Which takes me back to the extra two years in Korea thing. ugh.   I'll be an overeducated heptalingual old maid by the time I'm out of grad school.    Ok, I'm being melodramatic, I know.  It's been a long day.  I fell down the last three steps of the staircase on the way to class and badly butchered my shins.  And this, in front of a bunch of my students.  I felt like laughing and crying hysterically at the same time, but since a lot of people were surrounding me, I didn't do either.  I just smiled and whimpered a little and limped my way to the classroom.  Anyway, the prospect of grad school is really affecting my psyche, I think.  Last night I had a strange dream about it, and mind you, I rarely even remember my dreams.  I dreamt that I was in grad school, and that I was living in a dormitory with a bunch of random people who were supposedly my friends.  All white, for some reason, among whom two or three of the girls were quite ditzy and annoying.  And for some reason there were loaves and loaves of fresh homemade bread always available in the lounge.    Throughout the dream, I felt very detached, wandering around, observing people and things, not saying much. The dormitory had a small backyard, where the dining hall "chef" had his own garden of exotic vegetables and fruits.  The only time I remember speaking is when I asked the cook the names of the exotic vegetables (one being something called, "Belouse Pomegranate," which looked like a weird cross between a giant pear and an eggplant on the outside, with huge red pomegranate seeds on the inside).  The garden of vegetables and fruits in the back was the one thing that I was fascinated by: everything was large and mysterious, in shades of orange, green, purple, and red, mostly.  The people around me did not interest me in the least.    That's all I remember of the dream, but it seems significant for some reason.  Any interpretations?