         For the past week, there have been sprinkling signs of fall, summer waving its last shade of goodbye. It's beautiful.  I think it's the sky that captures me the most.  So clear and serene and soft and piercing.  I've heard over and over again that fall in Korea is gorgeous, so I'm really looking forward to it.  This will be my first fall in the motherland. ^ ^   Chusok weekend was great.  Thursday we played two full court basketball games, both pick-up games.  Our team was made up of foreign faculty, and we played against students.  We won both times! It was rad. On Saturday I went bikeriding and horsebackriding (ie, we rode bikes to get to the horse ranch) with some internationals.  The rest of the break I mostly did a lot of chilling out and resting and thinking and spending quality time with my girlfriends Jo Joyce and Ro.   I remember Friday night was a particularly emotional evening for me . The moon was full, and the campus a ghost town because all the students were away.  I felt deeply lonely. Yet incredibly at peace. I took a long walk by myself, and my eyes kept welling up with tears. Whenever I looked up at the moon, I just wanted to fly up to heaven.  My friend Jo could tell that I was going through something, because when I got back she asked me if anything was wrong, that she had not yet seen me like this.  It was the weirdest mood. I got out my roommate's guitar and sang my heart out for hours after that. It felt really good.  I think that God works in peculiar ways sometimes, and in that moment of pain and peace, I was actually experiencing the deepest of joys. In the Word, joy is many times next to pain or suffering...like in James, "Count it all joy, my brothers, whenever you face trials of many kinds."  Also Romans 5, 8, 12, 1 Thess 1,and Hebrews 10.  And 1 Peter 1 too. Which makes sense, because God brought Himself and us the greatest joy by sacrificing His Son....so in sacrificing, in putting to death, our "old man", it is going to be painful, but at the same time it releases the deepest joy to be in touch with the "new man" we have in Christ's resurrection.  "And the life that we live, we live to God..."    Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the  joy  set before him endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.  Heb 12:2   But  rejoice  that you participate in the sufferings of Christ, so that you may be overjoyed when his glory is revealed.   1 Pet 4:13