         Spent the whole day with appa.  Sure, we were running around all over LA doing errands, but that's what we always do.  I love it.    First he took me to eat sushi at the K-town Galleria.  While we were eating, he described the benefits of alkaline foods in balancing nutrition, and why our new alkaline water dispenser at home is going to do wonders for our health. He's a chemist, you see.  Later I brought up North Korea...because he's also a North Korean.  It was just so easy to talk to him.  I asked him how he would feel if NK opened up, and then asked him how he would feel if I eventually went there to teach. He didn't even blink an eye. If I went there, I'd set up churches, he stated.  I replied, if I went there I'd set up churches too, appa, but my vocation and my degree are what would get me in easily.  He thought about that for a moment, and nodded his head in agreement.  I love my dad.   Then we went to Dongdaemun, AKA Olympic Swapmeet, then to Costco, then to Sears, then to my mom's drycleaners, then to the video store, then to the Korean supermarket, and finally came home.  I was pooped.  Two incidents touched me today.  As we were walking through the Costco parking lot, I linked arms with him and said, Appa, don't you miss me when I am in Korea?  Again, he didn't even blink an eye, and slowly said,  Yes...I....do . It was the way he said it; I almost teared up.  But instead of crying, I joked with him and asked why he never talked to me on the phone then.  Because when you call you want to talk to umma, he replied.  No appa, I want to talk to you too.  This time it was his thoughtful silence that almost brought tears to my eyes.    The other moment was at Sears.  As we were paying for a vaccuum belt replacement at the register, I noticed something when my dad opened his wallet.  There was a teeny picture of me, which I had taken half-jokingly on my little niece's sticky-pic camera on New Year's two years ago.  I had given it to my dad laughingly then; little did I know that he kept it so close to himself all this time.      My dad's special.  I am still coming to grips with what an outstanding person he is.  Orphaned as a child in a war-torn country, separated from his place of birth and four brothers by the 38th parallel, poor and hungry for most of his youth, he worked with an indomitable Confucian work ethic, putting himself through university and getting himself a good job in Seoul, where he met my mother.  Eventually they made their way to Mi-gook (The Beautiful Country), where my father had to start from scratch.  His first job was in janitorial work.  Three decades later, he enjoys working as a senior chemist for the City of Los Angeles.  Here in the Land of Opportunity, our parents have managed to carve out a bright little existence for all of us.    My dad is a man of very few words, but not in the traditional authoritorian manner.  He is gentle, unassuming, humble, and generous.  He loves the Lord more than anything else in this world. Appa always enters my mind's eye whenever I read the verse, "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God."  Here's something my brother wrote about my dad in August 2002. I love this entry:   You see, my father was part of the wealthy Ji family in North Korea. he tells me stories of his rich childhood, of how wealthy he remembers his family was, of the box of jewels his mother had to hide from the North Korean soldiers (jewels they would later use to purchase a house in war torn Seoul)... of how his grandparents tried to fight back the troops who came to take away my father's land... of how he, along with his brothers and his mother, were forced to flee to South Korea due to religious persecution... of how he had to survive after all his brothers (save one) and mother died by the time he turned 12.   sigh.  my father's life story is the most amazing story of anyone that i know who is alive.   its amazing how much history shapes who we are. sometimes i think.... man, i most likely would not have been born unless Kim Il Sung came to power in North Korea. If the United States did not win World War II or if the Soviet Union never intervened in the latter stages of the war in the Pacific, then Korea most likely would never have been partitioned by the two superpowers. Korea would have never been divided. My father would never have been exiled from his country, he would have never met my mother, and ultimately, i would never have been born.  i think God works through history in such crazy insane ways. did you know that if you look at the Bible, God uses someone powerfully through each empire? here are some examples: Abraham in the civilization of Mesopotamia, Moses in the empire of Egypt, Queen Esther of Xerxes' Persia, Ezra in the time of Cyrus of Persia, Daniel in the kingdom of Babylon, Isaiah in the kingdom of Assyria, Jesus in the empire of Rome. Its craziness to just fathom the way God has been using people (not to mention his own Son) throughout the course of history....  which brings me back to my original point. God uses people to change the world. ordinary everyday people who are obedient and who love Him.   i believe that there is a reason why i come from a Christian background that expelled my father's family from his land, a reason why my father met my mother in South Korea, and a reason why they came over to America-- ultimately, a reason why i live.   i live to be a testimony of grace through Jesus Christ -- living proof that God works in mysterious and wonderful ways.   and when it all comes down to it, i live to glorify the God whom my father introduced me to.   so to my loving appa~  thank you for showing me what it means to love God and obey Him. there is nothing more precious i can learn in life than what you have already taught me with your wise words and shown me through you constant actions.   amen to that brotha.