         We went to a restaurant by the ocean today. Oh, it was gorgeous.  I sat right next to the window, and had a silent moment to myself when the sun went down, glimmering and watery and sad, at exactly 4:55.  I think the most special moment of a sunset, though, is after the sun has sunken just below the horizon, leaving the sky with a mysterious glow without the source of its light in sight.  There's something so melancholy and tender about it-- I think it has to do with being in the presence of absence.    Right then, I jumped up and ran outside for a brief stroll before it became completely dark.  I like watching the fleeting and gentle metamorphosis of a sky at dusk. And to breathe in that ocean air...it reminded me of home.   The ocean has changed symbolically for me over the years.  I remember having this discussion with Jan when we lived in SF; she had grown up on the beach, so the ocean had always reminded her of her home in Palos Verdes.  For me, having grown up inland, the ocean had always reminded me of the vast world out there and how much I didn't know or hadn't experienced.    Now that I live by the ocean in Pohang, it has come to remind me of heaven.  Perhaps it's strange, but I marvel at feeling overwhelmingly insignificant when the wind is thrashing and the waves are crashing mightily. I revel in feeling so tiny when a magnificent calm sweeps over the ocean and the horizon seems to stretch on forever and just the sheer volume of water blows my mind.  It helps me understand who I am, and who my Creator is; it helps me get in touch with how desperately I want to be with Him.      It has also come to remind me of love.  That someone is my soulmate, and that he is living and breathing somewhere right now.  Neruda's poem,  Here I Love You  explains it all by the sea.  And today, the ocean reminded me of Pohang.  In many ways Pohang is more like home to me than LA, because Pohang is where my life is; it's where I feel aligned with my passion and purpose for now.    What is home after all? Home is not a place; it's people, it's life, it's warmth.  I realize now that my view of the ocean was not essentially different from Jan's.  Home to me is all those things: the world, heaven, love, Pohang.  Pohang is home because it is where I am now, and I love it because it's the place where God has first merged my passions and shown me what it means to live life to the fullest.  The whole world is my home because it is my arena; I want to go out there and see and experience and love new places and people.  And love, love will be the feeling of home when I am one with the one I love.  But heaven is my real home, where my citizenship ultimately lies, and where the lonely, gaping hole in my soul finally will be absolutely satisfied.  I want to go home.