         I took my family to the movies tonight.  Pre-bought tickets and everything.  Merry Christmas, I said. ^^    Cold Mountain.  It was a gorgeous movie, to say the least.  I would talk about it more, except that I don't want to spoil it for anyone...but I could swear that the story, adapted from a book by Charles Frazier, is based loosely around Homer's Odyssey.  The scale is definitely epic, the themes touching upon universals woven throughout humanity.  Actually, just last night I read James Joyce's short story again,  The Dead , and I think that it shaded the way I saw the movie.  I fell asleep last night with the beautiful final image reverberating in my mind,      ...It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight.  The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward. Yes, the newspapers were right: snow was general all over Ireland.  It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves. It was falling, too, upon every part of the lonely churchyard on the hill where Michael Furey lay buried.  It lay thickly drifted on the crooked crosses and headstones, on the spears of the little gate, on the barren thorns.  His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.     Both the movie and Joyce's story tug at this feeling of... vacancy , immense vacancy...at the specter of death, in the contours of unconsummated love.  Both stories unearth and expose the fragmentary nature of relationships, and the faith required to trust in the unknowable-- the transcendent-- that characterizes all forms of love.  Taken to its spiritual core, this of course resonates with the story of mankind, and God's love.  I read some reviews that said that Ada and Inman's love for each other doesn't seem convincing; I am convinced that that's Hollywood's conditioning for easy sex and complex infatuations.  There is something about their love that strikes me as pure and passionate at the same time.  Pure  and  passionate.  I'm still reeling from the ending.