         Leaving for LA tomorrow morning! I am way more excited this time than I was in June.    For one thing, none of my college friends were around in the summer...they were all working in different places. But everyone seems to be coming home for Christmas, so I'll be seeing friends that I haven't seen in a long time.   Also, last winter was a bummer because I spent Christmas and New Year's doing almost nothing in Seoul.  These holidays are just not the same in Korea.  I am looking forward to spending them this year with the family!  Umma has been really sweet lately and I think that she misses me a lot, even though she would never say it.    Some things I am looking forward to doing, in no particular order:  1) going out for cocktails and clubbing with Inna, hopefully more than once ^^ 2) going swinging at the Derby with Jan 3) going to the Ghetty and the Norton Simon by myself 4) eating Mexican food, Thai food, prime rib, and salads salads salads (they pickle everything in Korea, which is fine, but sometimes I just crave a fresh salad with all the fixins) with my YN girlfriends. 5) assembling what I can of the old "SF Monday Crew" (Al, Susan, Alice, Mateo...Munch? Ifang we'll miss ya) and doing something crazy fun in LA     6) visiting Eunice and her new hubby in their new home 7) playing our piano at home 8) seeing my relatives, marveling over how much my nieces and nephews have grown, and asking kuhn-ah-buh-jhee again about North Korea. 9) going to Borders and buying all the books that I've been wanting to read 10) getting involved at Young Nak somehow 11) going to Costco with appa on a father-daughter run and eating our customary fill of aisle samples  12) cooking a korean meal for my parents (didn't do this last time, but I want to do it this time) 13) watching korean dramas with umma 14) seeing my sister and going to a hot springs resort with the fam (we'll miss ya John). 15) chatting for hours with my lovely drawmmates, Esther, Tina, and Tam. 16) catching up with whoever else is in town.  CALL ME!   Hmm....there is probably more that I want to do, but the list is beginning to overwhelm me.  I only have about three weeks at home before I take off for Latin America!  The nice thing is that, now that I am done with applications (OHMYGOSHAMIREALLYREALLYDONEYESIAM!!!!!!!), I will have some genuine, carefree, FREE TIME.  Ok, I'm procrastinating though.  I've gotta finish these translations first!