         OK, poetry overload, sorry.  But now that school's over and the pace of life noticeably slower, I've found leisure to read again.  Last night I went through all my favorite poetry books.  And this one especially jumped out at me with new meaning:   Here I Love You  by Pablo Neruda  Here I love you. In the dark pines the wind disentangles itself. The moon glows like phosphorous on the vagrant waters. Days, all one kind, go chasing each other.  The snow unfurls in dancing figures. A silver gull slips down from the west. Sometimes a sail.  High, high stars.  Oh the black cross of a ship. Alone. Sometimes I get up early and even my soul is wet. Far away the sea sounds and resounds. This is a port. Here I love you.  Here I love you and the horizon hides you in vain. I love you still among these cold things. Sometimes my kisses go on those heavy vessels that cross the sea towards no arrival. I see myself forgotten like those old anchors. The piers sadden when the afternoon moors there. My life grows tired, hungry to no purpose. I love what I do not have. You are so far. My loathing wrestles with the slow twilights. But night comes and starts to sing to me.  The moon turns its clockwork dream. The biggest stars look at me with your eyes. And as I love you, the pines in the wind want to sing your name with their leaves of wire.    I bought  Pablo Neruda's Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair  last winter, when I was in Madrid, and this poem had such a different meaning for me then.  I had believed myself to be in love, and this poem resonated with the part of me that missed him.  Nothing ever came of that one-sided episode, but a year later, the poem has an entirely different, more precise meaning.  I live in the mountains by the ocean, so the setting for this poem is uncannily accurate.  Pines, wind, high stars, a port, the sea.  The "you" at this point is unknown to me, but I do believe that I love him already since he actually does exist right at this moment...and God has chosen him for me.  Being in Korea, the "you" in this poem seems far far away.  Only the stars and the pines in the wind seem to know his name.   Having turned 25 just a few days ago, I've been praying more about my husband...and I feel a special kind of loneliness.  It's not a depressing, pathetic kind of loneliness.  It's just the kind that makes my heart stretch, the kind that colors everything with poetry.  Call me a romantic, but don't call me hopeless.