         What a good week.  Thanks everyone for the sweet messages and prayers.    I spent my birthday at a really nice jjheemjjheel bang (Korean-style sauna and bathhouse) with one of my adult students and his wife.  Su and his wife are both older than my parents, and have only one son, so they treat me like a daughter.  Lucky me. :)  The jjheemjjheel bang was better than most-- the gardening was charming and the views from the windows overlooked the Korean winter landscape of rice fields and mountains.  It was superb relaxation.  I released all the stress of the entire semester in those few hours of detoxification: reflecting on life as I sweated out all the poison, scrubbing scrubbing scrubbing with vigor until I was sparkling fresh and new, and finally dipping into a fountain of fancy vitamin-and-mineral-treated water that seemed to infuse me with fresh verve.    In the evening I had dinner with one of my undergrad classes from last semester; it was good to see them again, to see how much they've matured over just one semester.  They made me a cake out of cookies and yogurt and gummy bears, which was kind of gross, but hey, it was touching.  After that, four of us climbed up to the lighthouse at Sunrise Park, where we sang some Christmas carols.  Then we headed to a cozy little restaurant by the brilliantly moonlit beach, and talked for hours about life.  I've never heard Korean university students speak that deeply, maybe because most of the time they are limited by English.  But that night we freely joked and talked in Korean, and I saw a completely different side to them.  It was a poignant moment for me to be part of a deep and meaningful conversation in another language.  There was a space of time in which I stayed quiet while they were heatedly talking about something, just to soak it in.  God was giving me a glimpse into the future.  I had been a little sad that day that I wasn't going to be hanging out with any of my good friends, but it turned out to be good...maybe even better.  I only say that because while I spent the entire day with people, it seemed more like a day by myself.  And I needed that.  Sometimes God gifts us with times for quiet observation, reflection, ablution.  Unexpectedly that was what my 25th birthday turned out to be.