         Wow, it's been awhile.  In the past two weeks, I've been incredibly busy with classes and trying to get used to a split day/evening schedule.  At this point, I am constantly feeling tired.  A typical day: Wake up at 7, get ready, get into the office between 7:30 and 8 am.  Prep for my morning class, teach from 10-12.  After class, have lunch, prep some more and do other random things.  Go home, take a nap around 3 or 4. Eat dinner, and get back into the office by 6 pm to do some last minute prep before teaching again at 7 pm.  Teach a couple of classes, and finish around 10 pm.  Sure, I get a huge "break" in the middle of the day, but I feel like I am thinking about my classes all day long.  It's quite tiring.  I just haven't found the rhythm yet.      Of course, there are positives too.  I am getting to know Joanne and Joyce better by the day, and they constantly astonish me with their quirky personalities.  It's funny, if you want to know what they are like, they are like the two opposite sides of my own personality, but taken to the extreme in each case.  Joanne is very soft and thoughtful and poetic and single-minded and calm and passionate, and loves vinegar and kimchi more than I do (no kidding, today I saw her put vinegar in her cham-pong and jjajangmyun!).  Joyce on the other hand is talkative and extroverted and athletic and adventurous and strong and easily excited and very sensitive.  I see elements of myself in both of them, and I can't believe just how well we all get along.  It's been so awesome getting to know them.  The things we all have in common: passion for Christ, a love for teaching, a desire to remain overseas, and creative spirits.  I think that we really feed off of each other.  haha Last Saturday, we had a wild dance party.  10 in the morning, in our pajamas, dancing to Madonna and Cindy Lauper and Michael Jackson and Gangsta's Paradise and Rich Mullins .  Don't ask me about the music selection, I dunno what we were thinking.:) And I don't know if you can call it dancing either.  There was a good amount of hopping around and bashing into each other involved. Good times, I tell ya. ;)  Hey, you would've loved my version of "Thriller"! ^ ^ (  So yeah, they are great.  I love them.  And my students are wonderful.  I have had some really good lessons, but some humungo flops too. And yet the students are always encouraging and gracious.  They only care that I am trying my best, and that I come to teach.  My adult students are extra endearing because they come after long days at work, and some drive 40 minutes to an hour to get to the university.  It makes me want to teach them well.  It makes me want to give them the best English education I can give them.  A lot of the adult students aren't Christian, so Joanne and I are thinking of ways to bring Christ into the classroom.  The other night we taught them a praise song in English, so I played the guitar and we sang a duet.  They loved it.  We explained the song, that it was a love song to God, and then had them write their own poems using some of the same images and words.  One man whom I know is not Christian seemed genuinely touched, and expressed interest in learning some more praise songs ('Bible song,' he called it).  This is the same man who, for his introductory speech in my Public Speaking class, declared himself a miserable alcoholic and admitted that he attends Handong's evening courses to be around the "angels" he meets here.  Though he is misinterpreting Christ's light, I am glad that he is drawn to it.  I'm praying that one day he might come to know our Lord.  My undergraduate freshmen are really shy still, but I had a flop of a lesson today that actually had the unexpected effect of making them warm up to me.  Well, first let me say that being creative is risky.  I mean, I can easily give a rote English lesson straight out of the book.  Or, I can try to present the material in new and interesting ways that get the students practicing grammar constructions while having fun.  But the latter is more difficult, and has a greater chance of going awry.  Today, I tried to get the class to play this speaking game that was fabulous in my mind.  I mean I was really really excited about it.  But it didn't happen the way I imagined.  The students just couldn't do it.  The directions were too complicated.  I had to apologize to the class at the end of the period, and promised that I would revamp the game to make it run more smoothly.  I was totally bummed.  But you know, as the students were walking past me to exit the classroom, so many of them said encouraging things like, "Thank you for teaching us!" "Have a nice day!"  "See you on Friday!" which might seem like pretty normal comments to you, but it was  the way  they said it.  Beneath their voices and warm smiles, I heard "It's ok! We appreciate you trying so hard.  We don't hold it against you!" And that was sweet.   Honestly, I don't know how coherent this blog is.  I am so tired. Hey if you are praying for me, please pray that I do not get burnt out by this weirdo schedule. Hopefully I will get used to it soon.  Anyway, one more thing.  I have decided to lead a Bible Study for the Women For Christ ministry, and I am totally excited about it. We'll be studying the book of Ruth.  I will also be leading praise for it with another woman, Tara, who sounds like the Little Mermaid.:) Seriously, she has a dang good voice, so I think I'll just sing the back-up harmony, haha.  Agh, but I'll be playing the guitar!  Scariness.  What the heck am I doing playing guitar for praise?!  We have our first meeting tomorrow.  Hey, I still didn't get to write about missions, and now I've built it all up by keeping you in suspense for so long that when I finally get to writing about it, you'll be like, what the? :) what was the big deal?  hehe, but maybe next time.  I just felt like rambling today.