         Horrible, horrible dream last night.  I dreamt that I was meeting Scott for the first time all over again, but that it went all wrong.  First of all, the meeting place was all mixed up, and we couldn't find each other for a while.  I remember wandering by myself on some busy, noisy street, feeling anxious and helpless.  Then, when I finally found him, he wasn't who he is, and in fact we didn't like each other at all.   I woke up this morning feeling like weeping.  The grief immediately turned into terror. Which first meeting was the dream? Which Scott was the real Scott?  And, then, all of a sudden, waves of immense relief washed over me, and I felt like crying for joy.  I looked out the window at the blue sky, and the sound of roosters crowing and frogs croaking reminded me of where I was.  I'm in Costa Rica, I told myself, and I'm going to talk to Scott over a broken connection this afternoon.  Funny how such simple facts could suddenly strike you as utterly amazing.  Scott is quite literally the man of my dreams.  About 5 months ago, before we even started corresponding over email, I had a dream about him. It was a mundane dream, so mundane that I can't even remember what it was about.  When I woke up, though, I was astonished that I had actually seen phillylo, in the flesh, living and breathing and existing. When I finally met Scott in person, I told him that he was taller than I had expected.  It was only two days later that I told him that it was because he was shorter in my dream. :)  John once told me about a philosopher who speculated that life is one big hallucination, and that our nocturnal dreams might actually be more "real" than our daily lives.  How do we know which side of consciousness is the dream? Now, I don't believe in such a worldview, but for one moment this morning, I had an existential crisis in which I wasn't sure what reality was.  It was frightening.    But then, God reached down from the heavens and caressed my cheek with the assurance of His blessings.  I  know  what is true, and what peace, what comfort, what joy there is where my Lord is!   Just two more weeks before I see him again, living and breathing and existing.  The man of my dreams.