         It was great to hear Harold speak again.  This entry is going to be mostly my notes on the sermon he preached this past Sunday at KCPC (in VA).  I think that you can go listen to it at kcpc.org.  "When evening came, his disciples went down to the lake, where they got into a boat and set off across the lake for Capernaum.  By now it was dark, and Jesus had not yet joined them.  A strong wind was blowing and the waters grew rough.  When they had rowed three or three and a half miles, they saw Jesus approaching the bost, walking on water; and they were terrified.  But he said to them, "It is I; don't be afraid."  They they were willing to take him into the boat, and immediately the boat reached the shore where they were heading."    John 6:16-21  This passage highlights the answers to three questions about the person of Jesus: 1) Who is this Jesus? 2) Where is He? 3) What does He bring?  1.  Who is this Jesus?   Lord of the storm, Supernatural, "I AM" Himself.   At this point in the gospel narrative, everyone was confused about His identity; just before this passage, his followers had wanted to "take him by force and make Him king."  This incident shows that Jesus is the Lord of the storm, and that He is supernatural.  He doesn't fit into our normal categories.  He clearly evinces himself as King here, but of an entirely different sort of kingdom.  By walking on the water, He reveals His divinity and other-worldliness.  He also clearly chooses to whom He will reveal Himself.   Jesus reenacts Moses in chapter 6 of the gospel of John.  First, he feeds the multitudes, just as God provided manna for Moses and his people in the wilderness.  Then, He walks through the water here, just as Moses and the Israelites had miraculously crossed the Red Sea.  He was conveying to his disciples that He was greater than Moses, that He was the bread of life and lord over even nature.  God said to Moses that His name was "I AM."  Here, Jesus reveals that He is God Himself when He essentially says the same thing: "It is I."    When you see Jesus as He is, there's more than just liking Him.  He provokes us to worship, with holy awe and even dread.  The disciples fell down in worship.  Do I know Him?  The acid test of whether or not I know Christ is worship and obedience.  If I demand reasons for things or situations that I don't understand, then He isn't  Lord  of my life.  2.  Where is He?  In the storm, which is part of His loving plan.   Jesus is visible, or at other times,  visibly absent  (Harold used those words, I love it).  For instance, in John 6, there was a "lack" of food for the great multitude and yet somehow they were all fed; Jesus was not there when the disciples got on their boat, yet somehow He had  always been with them.  In Psalm 77, the psalmist writes,"The voice of Your thunder was in the whirlwind; the lightnings lit up the world; the earth trembled and shook.  Your way was in the sea, Your path in the great waters, and Your footsteps were not seen."  Real love gets grieved and troubled by you, and it takes time to bother you. STORMS, whether the kinds that are disciplinary consequences of sin or the kinds that are sharpening tests, ARE A PART OF GOD'S LOVING PLAN.   Children need to learn how to associate discipline with love.  Otherwise, you have children growing up only knowing storms of discipline, not understanding its purpose, and rebelling in resentment and anger.  Or, if parents do not discipline at all, children end up being spoiled because everything they do is "understandable" or "natural".  And spiritually, if a storm comes their way, they get angry and resent God, demanding reasons.     The perfect balance of discipline and love is in Jesus.  Storms are given by God; in the midst of the wind and fury, someone is right in the middle of it wanting to meet you.  Jesus wanted His disciples to see Him in a fresh new light, and could only do that by meeting them in the storm.  3.  What does He bring?  Heaven to earth.   This incident is a brief glimpse of our final rest, our final destination, the "shores" to which we are heading.  It's not for everyone, because there are people who put all their energy into making a perfect world here.  Our hope is in a brand new place, the world that God is bringing.  Every miracle in the Bible, according to covenant theology, is an "eschatalogical intrusion."  The miracles of Jesus show us what heaven is like.  Storms of chaos and judgment can threaten to overwhelm us, but Jesus walking on the water shows us that in heaven, the water is forever calm, that it is a whole new world altogether.  If you take Jesus on board, the gates of heaven begin to open in front of you.    Jesus went through the worst storm imaginable in order to absorb all evil and injustice.  He is the Lord who doesn't crush you, but asks you to "take Him into the boat."  For believers, there is going to be a day coming when there won't be any more storms; we anticipate unhindered, ineffable intimacy with God Himself.  Someone once asked Mother Theresa, "How do you deal with all the suffering and injustice that you see everyday in India?" To which she answered, "It's like one bad night at a motel compared to where we're headed."