         Ok, last blog I said that it felt like San Francisco.  Well, now it is freezing cold! bbbrrrrrrrrrrrr! It feels like Chicago, except that the sky is very clear and the sun is shining.    I love it.  Yeah, you heard me.  I, lifelong Californian, love this weather.  There is something about it that is so...FRESH.  I love the feeling of bundling up in the morning and walking out into the cold, biting air, the sky a magnificent blue, the coniferous evergreens providing a backdrop for the deciduous red and orange trees.  It makes you know you're alive! Shivering from head to pinky toe, and the world alive with explosions of color. I've never experienced fall like this before.     I had such a fun time last week.  It was festival week, apparently something that all universities in Korea have once a semester.  Handong's is reputed to be pretty lame in comparison to other schools, but I had such a blast. I felt like a student again.  They had lots of good food at the pojangmahchah, which is basically a food fair.  I ate Uzbekistanian food and Pakestanian food and of course some "exotic" Korean foods like soon-deh and buttered-fried-half-dried-squid. Yummy. ^ ^  I played in the "Dream Team" obstacle courses with a team of 4 students and two professors (Joanne was the other prof), and we lost. :( hehe, but it was fun.  I watched the acapella concert, the dance competition, the singing contest, and the rock band festival. It was awesome seeing some of my students perform, because it gave me a more holistic view of them.  Some of them really surprised me with their talents! Oh and how could I forget? I finally got some long-pent-up dancing out of my system at the dance party last Thursday night. Some of my students saw me, but I don't care!  I seriously danced no holds barred. I danced so hard that my whole body was sore the next day. ^ ^ Oooooh, it felt sooooo gooooood.   I am getting to know all my students better, and believe it or not, I am  already  getting sad that I will have to say goodbye to them at the end of the semester. I'm trying to make the most out of each class, and I am thinking about what I want to do for them around finals time.  I think that I might invite my freshmen to my apartment and cook them a good home-cooked meal, since the dining hall here is incredibly disgusting and unhealthy.  Anyway. I am so happy these days. Life is excellent, and I love where God has placed me for now.  I just want to be a faithful steward of these blessings, and live my life in a way that really points to Christ.    One of my students came to my office for a makeup quiz today, and one of the questions on it was "Are you a Christian? If so, when and how did you come to know Christ as your Savior? If not, what kinds of questions do you have about Christianity?" I guess I should explain the quiz first.  I played "The Invitation" by SCC for them, and gave them a printout of the lyrics.  Then I asked some questions about the song, and the question I just mentioned above was the last question.  I did not grade it based on grammar, but on expression and quality of thought, because one thing that many korean students have problems with is just plain speaking.  They get so hung up on grammar that they are afraid to open their mouths.  And, since this is a speaking and listening class, one of my aims is to teach them that speaking is about expressing yourself to another person, that it's about communication, and not about how perfect your grammar is.  So that's the long story for why I gave this kind of quiz.    Anyway, all of the students said that they were Christian, which kind of surprised me, but then again this is a Christian university, and of course I was thankful to God for that.  But then this student came in today, and he wrote that he didn't believe in the existence of God. He was also annoyed with all the people he saw praying and crying in chapel.  He couldn't understand it.  However he did say, interestingly enough, that he had a suspicion that God brought him to Handong so that he might be saved.  It's so interesting to me that someone can think like that.  To say, "I don't believe in God," and yet refer to Him as real in a very indirect, subconscious way.  That's where I see the truth of Romans 1 in the so-called atheist.  So I wrote him a letter on the back of his quiz, asking him some questions, and talking a little about my own faith.  I offered to talk with him more about it, so I hope that he emails me or comes to visit my office.  I mention this incident with the hope that you will join me in praying for this student. His name is Thomas, and he's a cool kid.  There is something about his demeanor that is endearing. Kinda the quiet strong type. It makes me really sad that he doesn't know Christ.  I stumbled upon a verse today that I had never noticed before, but this morning it totally blew me away:  "Now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known." 1 Cor 13:12 NIV  Actually, my Bible is the New King James Version, which reads:  "For now we see in a mirror, dimly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then I shall know just as I also am known."  This verse comes toward the end of the famous "Love is patient, love is kind..." part in Paul's letter to the Corinthians.  It comes right after the part where he says "love never fails, everything else will fail or cease or vanish, because everything else is only in part"( my paraphrase).  I think Paul is intimating that love is the true reflection of Christ, and therefore it should color everything we do. In preceding chapters Paul addresses the silly squabbles over spiritual gifts, and here he says, don't get so hung up with that foolishness, because love is the greatest gift, and everything is only expressed in part if not expressed with love.    What is astounding to me is the image that Paul sets up here in verse 12, and how it makes a surprising connection to the ". . .in part" and "love" theme of verses 8-11.  Christ has saved me, and therefore I am Christ-like in God's eyes.  When I look through the lens of the present, though, I find that the mirror is bad-quality, and so the reflection is inaccurate.  The thing is, I don't have access to  any  accurate mirrors, so I can never know what I really look like.  Right now, partial knowledge is as good as it gets.  But the day that I meet Him face to face, I will know  who I truly am , and when I look in the mirror, the face staring back will be Christ's!  What's more, the verse doesn't stop at "Now I know in part; then I shall know fully."  It goes on to say "even as I am fully known" or "just as I am also known."  So it's not that I will be like Christ only when I finally meet Him, but the beauty of Christ is in me now....and the way I "am known" by God  now  is the same "me" as when I will finally see my true self.  I know it sounds circular, but what touches me is that God knows me, the true me, better than I know myself.  And everyone knows that in biblical language, the word "know" means something much more intimate. It signifies a deep, profound love relationship-- a "knowing" at every level of body, soul, and mind.  If God knows me more than I can know myself, than His love for me must be far far faaaar greater than I can even begin to wrap my brain around.     As one of my friends said the other day, "I like to be loved."  I love to be loved too.  And this morning, the love I felt was out of this world. And I felt beautiful! I felt the gaze of God on me, and He was saying,  "You're a gorgeous one, you know that?" ^ ^ It gave me inspiration to live my day all out for Him, and what a great day it was. I am going to head off to go home now, and I think that I can honestly say that I really  lived  today. Didn't do anything spectacular, but I lived it with the energy of a soul-engraving truth.