         I've been thinking about my mom recently and how things have changed between us.  When she was here a couple of weeks ago, I think that I saw her in a new light.  Consequently that meant seeing our relationship with new eyes as well.    When I was younger, umma was very controlling.  She would force me to do extracurricular activity after extracurricular activity, to excel at my studies, to always be the best.  I resented her because I thought that she was using me for her own glory.  And, in my own subtle way, I ended up rebelling fiercely when I was in high school.  I snuck around with a boy that she despised, and lied all the time to see him.  She lost all trust in me after awhile.  I don't blame her; she knew better than I did how much I was hurting myself.    Once I got to college I regretted the way I had behaved, and immediately tried to start afresh both with myself and with God.  Since this began away from home, however, my mom did not witness the change and continued to regard herself as the better authority on how I should live my life.  She always questioned my decisions as well as my motives.  She tried to control me over the distance, but it wasn't working.  It tired me out to talk to her, and I stopped telling her about my life.  Our phone calls eventually amounted to merely superficial exchanges of pleasantries and basic information.  We drifted apart even more.  Discovering my passion for literature and my calling to mission during my senior year set me on a trajectory toward quite a transformation.  I used to be aimless; now I'm ambitious.  I used to be happy-go-lucky; now I'm more serious.  I used to be afraid of change; now I thrive on it.  I used to wait for opportunities; now I make them.  I used to be self-centered; now I'm more aware of the world around me.    By the time I graduated from college, my mother became routinely shocked at the decisions I was making.  To her it seemed like I was making rash decisions based on unfounded confidence.  I had made the mistake of not letting her see me reinvent myself, and to her, I was just being impulsive.  If there was one refrain that I kept hearing from her at that time, it was,  Use your head Sandy.  Think before you say things that you can't follow through on.  Oh, it irritated me so much at the time. But again, looking back, I really can't blame her.  It was when I broke up with James that I made a conscious decision to open my life to her again.  The most honest conversation I have ever had with her was when I told her, in tears, why I could no longer remain with him and live out my dreams.  She was uncharacteristically quiet the whole time I talked.  When I was finished, she acknowledged that I had thought through things well, and that it was the right decision.  To hear her say that to me was a huge breakthrough, a defining moment for our future relationship.  Eventually, umma caught on that I was no longer the rebellious, wishy-washy, discontented teenager that gave her so much heartache ten years ago.  Since then, our relationship has been going through a process of healing and growth.  Once in awhile we'd revert to our old patterns- in which she would doubt me, and I would be annoyed.  I think we've come to a point, though, in which we've finally broken out of our habitual, mutual self-confinement.  It's hard to pinpoint when it exactly happened, but I am now able to listen to her criticisms as potentially constructive, and she is able to trust my judgment in most decisions.  At some point, she stopped saying, "That's not the way you should do it" and instead started asking, "So that's what you want to do?"  When she was here a couple of weeks ago, we slept in the same bed, and she'd keep me up late at night and wake me up early in the morning just to talk.   How many more opportunities will I have to talk to you like this?  she would respond to my sleepy grumbling.  We talked about Scott, we talked about my future, we talked about wedding plans.  Those were such peaceful conversations.  There was a day when I went with her to Umsung, the country village in which she grew up.  The entire extended family was there, some 25 people squished into my uncle's tiny little house.  She was very animated that day; I just spent a lot of time watching her interact with everyone.  I found myself admiring her charisma, her good looks, her quick mind.  Sadly enough, I can't recall ever consciously admiring her before that moment.  I saw her with new eyes.   We have a deeper connection now.  Sometimes I just crave talking to her, because she is often able to diffuse the riot in my brain when things seem over-complicated in my life.  When I was in high school, I would never have believed it if anyone told me that I'd be friends with my mom someday.  But here we are, and what we have is beyond friendship.  I am a version of her, and my whole life has been, in a sense, a process of differentiation from her.  But in the end, that differentiation seems to have revealed just how much I am actually  like  her more than anything.  For me, this is the profound, astonishing discovery of an obvious truth:  I am my mother's daughter.