         the snow was falling today, the wind howling furiously.  while my students were writing essays, i looked out the window at the thrashing pines, the distant rice fields powdered in white, and the zillions of monster snowflakes that came hurling at me on the other side of the windowpane, from the other side of the white sky. and i felt far far away.  later in the evening i crossed a patch of fresh snow underneath some dimly lit lampstands, and my feet sank in softly with each step. i looked back; i had made a lonely, unadulterated trail of my own footsteps from the front doors of my building.  and i felt so far far away.  is it snowing anywhere else in the world? of course it is, but not in the places where i've sprinkled my soul over the course of my life.  outside korea, in all the places that hold people i love, people who have left indelible marks upon my life, the snow is not falling.  do they know that i am thinking of them? do they know that i remember them? do they know that i love them? do they know that i can never never never never ever forget them? how can they know? i hope they know.  but i am so far far away.  as i keep following God, to wherever He points me on the globe, this will be my life.  i will always be starting over in new places and saying goodbye once they've become old.  i will always be meeting new, special people to love and cherish, and eventually saying goodbye to them once they've been engraven on my heart.  i will always be a long-distance friend to most of my friends for most of our lives.  and the places, the memories, the people, the histories-- they are all slowly amassing into something large, noble, beautiful-- but the relentless distance makes it poignant, subtle, and elusive.     when the world is your playground, sometimes the snow falls and you find yourself all alone.  but then you look up, and every snowflake that falls from the sky and clings to your coat is a dear dear friend-- and you watch-- as each one melts slowly into your fabric.