          warning: this entry might make sense only to a very few people. it is extremely vague, because what i am feeling is difficult to articulate.   The human spirit is so much more complex than we could ever imagine.  Who would have thought that the life-changing discovery of love, accompanied by such amazing joy, would also inevitably involve a deeply painful process of grieving?  With Scott, an exciting, beautiful new world has opened up before me.  But that also means the loss of the old world, the old life.    I fell in love, and knew that my life had changed drastically, but could not anticipate how thoroughly this change would affect every part of me.  My life is slowly catching up to this truth, and it is all new to me.  In a sense, it is like a new wineskin.  I can't do things the way I used to do them.  Preparing myself to become one with the man I love means a whole new way of living, a whole new vision of the world.  At the same time that I have never been happier in my life, I am mourning the loss of singlehood.  Every major decision from this point on must factor in  his  life, which I want to do most willingly, but am not sure how to do just yet.     My heart is fully committed to him, and this commitment is making every decision an experience in... wedded-ness , for lack of a better word.  The fact that he is not here, however, creates the disturbing psychological lag of being in between two worlds.  It is a sort of unsettling disconnect that the devil has seized upon, trying to flood the gap with insecurities, doubts, and fears about  myself .  Because of my strong conviction that God has brought Scott into my life so that we would be together for the rest of our lives, living out His calling for us, Satan is trying to make me doubt everything else.  Right now, my greatest spiritual battle is letting go of my old self-- indeed, my old vision of my future self.  And yet, I would not change my situation for the world.  I have never been more filled, more certain about the future, more aware of the amazing grace of God and His grand love for me.  Paradoxical as it may seem, I am  joyfully  mourning.  I could never have anticipated this.  On the one hand, it feels completely foreign to me, and is quite frightening.  But on the other hand, I have no greater desire than to be with the man whom God has chosen to be my life-partner in bringing Him glory, and to love him the way he deserves to be loved.    In time, being one with him will become as natural as breathing.  I  know  this, and it gives me immense strength and comfort that this process is a necessary one.  God has begun teaching me to be a wife.