         it's spring, and i'm suffering. i can't believe that i still have to get through almost two more months before i see scott again. it's crazy-- i've seen his precious face for only SIX freakin days of my entire life.  unreal.  his face is starting to get hazy in my mind.  i can't remember what it's like to  be  with him, to experience him with all my senses.    the phone is both comforting and infuriating at the same time.  it's comforting, because i love the sound of his voice. i adore hearing about what's on his mind and what he's feeling and what he's doing and what he has experienced on any given day.  it's infuriating because the time difference and the ever-present annoying buzz of a bad connection remind me of how far away he is, and of how much more time i have to wait before i see him again.  when i was in seoul, i saw jean and john interact for the first time as a couple. so sweet.  total pda.  gotta love my bro. :)  on sunday night, we were all watching tv when i commented that the actress on this one commercial was really beautiful.  john responded, "she's ok." i couldn't believe it, but before he could go on, i finished his sentence: "but jean's better."  "yup," was my brother's reply, to which jean smiled shyly. so cute.    gr, i miss scott.  we'll double date in la. it'll be fun.  i can't handle it! i'm dying over here.  54 days.     in other news, the dressmaker forgot  the train  of all things.  she assures us that everything is under control though, that she'll just make an attachable one. hm, we'll see how that turns out. i'm going to check it out in may.  other than that slip of a  major  detail, the dress is beautiful.  i'm not sure if i'm making a mistake by going slightly unconventional with both the color and the design, though.  i'm no designer, and i'm wondering if it was a mistake to let myself semi-design it...thank goodness for the four girlfriends who came along with me! ro, joyce, jo, and sang hwa-- you were all so patient and helpful.  i'd have been a neurotic mess without your impeccable taste and sound advice.   thankfully my mom is bridezilla, so i don't have to be. when i got to the boutique, the dressmaker commented that my mother was very, um,  fastidious .  apparently umma had called her several times in the days preceding my first fitting, often more than once a day, to remind her of everything we wanted.  so when i finally had the dress on, trying to explain to her my preferences for the design, she said more than once, "tell me exactly what you want.  i'm going to make it exactly the way you want it, because i don't want to hear it from your mother." :) hahahahahahaha.  gotta love my mom. as you can imagine, when umma heard about the train, she called the dressmaker (even though it was 11 pm) and gave her a piece of her mind.  :)    anyway, as for wedding planning, i've given up.  umma and i were disagreeing about everything (ceremony site, reception site, number of guests, time of year, food, etc.), when at some point i realized that it wasn't worth the stress.  so i told her that she can plan it and just ask me for input once in awhile. hehe  *sigh* i just want to  see  scott.  i just want to marry him.