         I watched a special program on CNN the other day about the West Bank barrier, and it just made me sad and angry about the situation over there.  It's not just a wall surrounding the West Bank, but a system of cages, entrapping Palestinians so that they can neither leave nor enter their own lands freely.  Qalqilya is a city that has been affected acutely; what was once a thriving city built upon the free flow of market and culture between Israelis and Palestinians is now a veritable ghost town, completely surrounded by the barrier.  The Israelis say that they built the wall to preempt Palestinian suicide bombers; Palestinians say that they resort to violence because the Israelis left them with nothing to lose, and all they want is their freedom.  When will this crazy cycle of violence end?! I can't help but think that this approach to Israeli occupation of Palestinian land is all wrong. It does not promote peace in the least.  The wall is poisoning the atmosphere on both sides.  The program pointed out an interesting irony that is possibly developing around the West Bank barrier, however.  It was built to divide, but more and more Palestinians are beginning to favor a one-state solution because of it.  Some 28% of Palestinians in a recent poll favored a one-state solution, which is very high considering that there is not an Israeli or Palestinian party that espouses a one-state solution as its platform.  The Palestinians have been so stripped of everything, that now many only want one thing: freedom.  One man, one vote.  This has interesting implications, because as the wall drives more and more Palestinians to an overriding thirst for freedom at all costs, even at the cost of their dream for an independent Palestinian state, Israel might end up in a sticky situation.  Should the Palestinians favor a one-state solution, would Israel concede to it at the risk of losing power to the sheer number of Palestinians in a true democracy?  If they don't, they will risk invoking censure from the international community, and even losing some of their most ardent advocates.  Will the cycle of violence surrounding Jerusalem ever end?  I don't know. A deep part of me believes that it won't end until Christ comes back.  Osama Bin Laden said after 9/11 that America will not live in peace before peace reigns in Palestine. His words were meant to spite, but there is a grain of prophecy in them.  It seems to me that the world will not live in peace until peace reigns in the New Jerusalem.   Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and there was no longer any sea. I saw the Holy City, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride beautifully dressed for her husband. And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying, "Now the dwelling of God is with men, and he will live with them. They will be his people, and God himself will be with them and be their God. He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.    Revelation 21:1-4