           Jo's  in Korea, and she came to visit us yesterday.  It was enlightening to hear about her past few months back in Australia.  She left before Ro, Joyce, and me, and everything she said was, in a sense, giving us a glimpse of what it will be like to be on the other side of this huge transition as we leave Handong.  It all sounds quite difficult, painful, and strangely close to home.  As she described her everyday routine, I pictured myself doing the very same things, going through the very same struggles.  I've had fears creep into my mind when I think about what it will be like to be married and living in Baltimore...I can imagine it being a struggle everyday to get up, not knowing a single person in the city besides my husband, having to be pro-active in seeking out opportunities for study, work, and friendships, searching for a sense of purpose to motivate each day.  It occurred to me yesterday that I'm leaving everything I know to enter into a world that is foreign both literally and figuratively; literally, because I'll be in an unfamiliar place starting from scratch, and figuratively, because I know absolutely nothing about what it means to be a wife, or to be married.    I can imagine what it would be like to start in a new place if I were  alone , since I've done that more than a few times, but at this point it's very difficult to imagine living  with a man,  even if I love him more than anyone else in the world.  Will the fact that the man I love is by my side make starting over in a new place not only easier, but exciting and enjoyable?  Or will it be torturous counting down the hours and minutes, just waiting for him to come home from work, while I sit at home, unavailingly making meager attempts at productivity? The latter possibility shakes me up.  The reality will probably be a mysterious mixture of both.  Umma unintentionally educed another fear of mine when we were talking on the phone a couple of days ago.  "You should apply to grad school this year, before you get married, so that you can get full financial support as an independent," she encouraged.  I told her that I couldn't, that since I am changing my focus to Latin American lit, I need at least a year or two of classes to educate myself in the field.  "Well, then when are you going to apply?" Next fall, or the year after.  She was quiet.   Well, it looks like you won't end up going at all then.  You never know what could happen in those two years...are you ok with that?   Of course, I don't care, whatever, was my flippant reply. A surge of deep misgivings resurfaced, however, and dread filled my heart at the possibility that she might be right...  *sigh* I thought that I had let go of it all, but it looks like these fears are going to keep returning to haunt me.  Why do I always think a gazillion steps ahead of time, somehow trying to take into account all possible alternatives and options for any given decision that I might have to make?!  It's ridiculous.  Just when I think that I am finally trusting in the Lord with all my heart, I find that I am still leaning on my own understanding.