           Good Friday     ...A video aired on the Arabic-language news channel Al-Jazeera showed three Japanese hostages held at gunpoint and threatened with knives.   The video was delivered to Al-Jazeera with a written demand: Withdraw Japanese troops from Iraq within three days or the hostages would be burned alive.   ...Video of the three Japanese hostages showed them being manhandled, humiliated and threatened with guns and knives -- at times, the knives pressed to their throats.  The names of the three were seen on passports in news footage. They are Koriyama Soichiro, who has a press card issued in Jordan for Weekly Asahi, and Imai Noriaki -- both men. The third is Takato Nahoko, a woman.    . . .  Do not go gentle into that good night,  Old age should burn and rave at close of day;  Rage, rage against the dying of the light.   Though wise men at their end know dark is right,  Because their words had forked no lightning they  Do not go gentle into that good night.   Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright  Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,  Rage, rage against the dying of the light.   Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,  And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,  Do not go gentle into that good night.   Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight  Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay,  Rage, rage against the dying of the light.   And you, my father, there on the sad height,  Curse, bless me now with your fierce tears, I pray.  Do not go gentle into that good night.  Rage, rage against the dying of the light.    (written by Thomas on the eve of his father's death)  . . .    Now when the sixth hour had come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour. And at the ninth hour Jesus cried out with a loud voice, saying, "Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani?" which is translated, "My God, My God, why have You forsaken Me?" Some of those who stood by, when they heard that, said, "Look, He is calling for Elijah!" Then someone ran and filled a sponge full of sour wine, put it on a reed, and offered it to Him to drink, saying, "Let Him alone; let us see if Elijah will come to take Him down."   And Jesus cried out with a loud voice, and breathed His last.    Then the veil of the temple was torn in two from top to bottom.  So when the centurion, who stood opposite Him, saw that He cried out like this and breathed His last, he said, "Truly this Man was the Son of God!"