Why "The Ivy Bush?"  It's the name of Samwise's father's pub in Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.  I'm trying hard to become a hobbit.  Tolkien reports that hobbits have a passion for three things:  good food and drink, a good pipe, and well-tilled earth.    I do enjoy a good meal, especially when it features produce from my garden.    HOWEVER:  The garden in our back yard is not planted in especially well-tilled soil.  Muddy, sticky, Piedmont, North Carolina red clay.  It will take several years of digging compost into it before any self-respecting hobbit would deign to muddy up his hairy feet in it.  HOWEVER TWO:  The pipe is right out.  What to replace it with?  A good book, perhaps.  But that makes me less hobbit-like.  Hobbits are an insular breed.  If I recall correctly, they only read geneaological book--and not just anybody's family; it's gotta be their own.  News of events beyond their fair Shire was of little interest, except to keep the children awake at night with tales of dragons, goblins and the like.  Books open you up to new, far-away worlds.  Not necessarily a good thing in most hobbits' estimation.  Now in this respect most of us would desire to be less Hobbitish.  Americans have been escaping the smothering provincialism of the small town for well over a century now.  But is the big city, its crime (fueled in part by the very anonymity that makes the city so alluring), its noise, its pollution, its estrangement from nature, an improvement?  Is it an entirely good thing that through inventions like the web, we now know more about events in distant countries than events in the lives of our neighbors?  (Our neighbor to the right of our lot has lived next to us for three years, and we just recently had him over for dinner for the first time).    Wendell Berry  has argued in prose, poety and trenchant non-fiction, that we need more provincialism, not less.  We need to take a new interest in and responsibility for, our immediate neighborhood and community.  Raise your own food, or buy it from a local farmer's market.  Trade with neighborhood merchants.  Discover what's growing in the vacant lot down the street from you.  Recognize your contingency.  You are not a global citizen, you reside in a particular time and place, and you ought to take note of and responsibility for that time and place.  Clearly, I have a long way to go.  But this I do have in my favor:  I am short of stature and hairy of feet!