I heard second hand that Ethan asked some hard questions in Sunday School.  Here's one:  If Jesus was God's Son why did he let him die on the cross?    Ethan's not the first to discern some tension between our image of God as Love and Jesus atoning for the sins of the world by being crucified.  In the last decade or so some feminist theologians have charged that such a teaching makes God the Father a divine child abuser.  They also allege that this glorification of divine violence in pulpits and classrooms underwrites a culture of violence:  wars, wife battering, etc.  The essay "For God So Loved the World?" in the book   Christianity, Patriarchy and Abuse   is a good example of this line of thinking.  The feminist critique merits a couple of responses.  One, it's not an original critique.  The doctrine of "satisfaction atonement," ie. God laid the punishment for our sins on the crucified Christ, was first taught by a medieval theologian named Anselm.  Anselm's contemporary, Abelard (of Heloise and Abelard fame) thought that it was absurd to suggest that a loving God would demand the sacrifice of God's only son.  Abelard saw the cross as the finest example of the depths of divine love.  Jesus' words, "Greater love hath no man than this--that he lay down his life for his friends," were Abelard's inspiration.  That leads to response number two:  There are various ways of understanding the significance of Jesus for us today.  In addition to Anselm and Abelard's interpretations of the cross, we should mention that the early Christians emphasized the resurrection as the primary atoning event.  On Easter, Jesus broke the powers of sin and death after an unjust and painful death.  His victory becomes ours when we receive him in faith.  Eastern Orthodox Christians stress the saving event of Christmas more so than Good Friday or Easter.  "God became man that man might become God," said the fourth century theologian Athanatius, the watchwords of many a contemporary Orthodox priest and theologian.  Satisfaction atonement is not equal to Christianity.  If there are problems with this theory of the atonement, that doesn't mean that Christianity as a whole is inherently abusive.  The problems with Satisfaction Atonement can be resolved, I believe, by remembering that God is a Holy Trinity who encompasses the life of Jesus.  Jesus is not just some chump God throws to the wolves.  Jesus is "God with Us."  God doesn't make a scapegoat of Jesus so much as God in Christ chooses to absorb the punishment that we rightly deserve.    I'll allow that careless preaching and teaching on the atonement may give the false impression that God makes a scapegoat of Jesus, but it's this strawman that the feminist critique demolishes, not a thoroughly Trinitarian doctrine of Satisfaction Atonement.  The latter is Good News indeed:  God found a way to punish sin without destroying the sinner in the process.  But how to answer Ethan's question?  I think stressing Jesus' closeness to God would be a good place to start.  What Jesus says, does and experiences God says, does and experiences.  The fact that Jesus died for our sins doesn't mean that God was indifferent to Jesus' fate.  It means that God knows our sufferings and has triumphed over them.  It means that God has done for us what we couldn't do for ourselves--reconcile us to God.  (He also asked a lot of other questions about Mary and Joseph's trip to Bethlehem, namely, how did they get there without cars; where did they eat; and how long did it take.  When the lesson ended in a group prayer, Ethan thanked God for cars and restaurants.)