Today's blog is the first in a series of reflections on the Presbyterian Peacemaking Conference which I attended last week.  Rev. Mitri Raheb led evening worship on Tuesday and Wednesday.  The Palestinian pastor of an Evangelical Lutheran congregation in Bethlehem, Raheb's mere existence shatters a host of American Evangelical stereotypes about who the Palestinians are and what they're up to.  More about that later.  For now let me repeat one anecdote from his Tuesday evening sermon, and comment on what it says about the prospects for peacemaking in our day and age.  In December, 2001, the second infatada was in full swing.  Residents of Bethlehem hurried home each evening at 4:30 PM, because not long after dark the shooting would start.  People were sick and tired of being held hostage in their own homes, so Raheb and others decided to take back the night by holding a candlelight vigil.  Would anybody show up?  Raheb said that they figured on a crowd of maybe 500, but trying to be optimistic, they ordered enough candles for a thousand Palestinians.  In fact, 3,000 people turned out and braved the cold, darkness and flying bullets with nothing more than alighted candlesticks.  3,000 prayers for peace on earth, goodwill toward man in the City of David.  In advance of the vigil Rev. Raheb contacted over 2,000 journalists in Israel and Palestine.  Only three reporters showed up.  The next day, Rev. Raheb called the nearest BBC office to inquire why they didn't deign to cover this latest mass demonstration in the Occupied Territories.  "There's just not much interest in peaceful demonstrations," they told him.  The old saw "If it bleeds it leads" is not only true of your local TV news but also of the venerable British Broadcasting Corporation, and most media.  The examples are endless.  The media embedded reporters in the Third Infantry Division, but has any TV network thought of embedding reporters in a battered women's shelter?  Or what about imbedding journalists in the mediation process that judges ask separated couples to go through in order to avoid costly and gutwrenching divorce court proceedings?  If we all profess to dislike violence, why is it so much more interesting?  I suspect that violent situations capture our imagination because they bring out the best and worst in us.  The best:  courage, self-sacrifice.  The worst:  cowardice, brutality.    Yet nonviolent methods of conflict resolution can also offer us opportunities to be brave, and even to lay down our lives for our friends.  "What requires more bravery?"  Rev. Raheb asked some students in advance of the vigil, "To throw a stone at an Israeli tank or to light a candle?"  They were unanimous.  "Throwing stones."  To which he replied, "Very well, then.  I want to see you on the square this coming weekend for our candlelight vigil."  But the kids begged off.  "Our parents won't let us.  It's too dangerous."  It's a poverty of imagination that renders so many nonviolent efforts to establish justice stillborn.  We can name far more generals than we can pacifists.  In textbooks and lectures, American history is often taught as the history of war.  We begin with the Revolution, and go on through the Civil War, and World Wars I and II.  It's rarely told as the story of the Underground Railroad, the labor movement, the suffrage movement, and the Civil Rights movement.  And so we come, ignorant and lacking creativity, to a conflict, a threat or an injustice of some kind, and in our stupor we conclude that violence is our only option.  We need to listen to the B side of history.  We must leave no stone unturned looking for the stories that our media won't show us, stories of courage, bravery, resistance against evil, and self-sacrifice by people who exemplified these virtues without drawing the sword.  In a world of nuclear proliferation, terrorism, gun violence, domestic violence, disease and poverty, how can we afford not to?