Blogging will slow down this week.  I'm off to   Montreat , in the North Carolina mountains, to attend the Presbyterian Peacemaking Conference.  This year's theme is   "A Force More Powerful:  Embracing Jesus' Way of Nonviolence."   The brochure states:    When confronted by conflict, whether personal or global, our natural human response is to fight or take flight.  Jesus offers a third opton:  standing one's ground and responding with active nonviolence.    Although pacifists are few in number, there are an almost infinite variety of them.  The conference keynoter,   Walter Wink , combines his exegesis of New Testament texts like the Sermon on the Mount with Jungian psychology and analysis of nonviolent social change movements to create a distinctive form of pacifism that is, well, militant.  Christian nonviolence is a legitimate way of challenging evil regimes and protecting the innocent.    Wink's muscular, optimistic pacifism seems different than   Stanley Hauerwas' .  Hauerwas, deeply influenced by the Mennonite scholar   John Howard Yoder , argues that God has redeemed the world with a cross and not a sword, and that a faithful witness to that redeeming work requires Christians to renounce violence.  Hauerwas says repeatedly that pacifism is not a strategy for getting your way by nonlethal means, a way of having your cake and eating it too.  It's a prayer for the kingdom to come, and a living (and dying) acknowledgement that only God can build the kingdom.  I'd like to get the two of them in a room and listen to them hash it out.  It may be the case that I've overemphasized their differences.    But mostly, I'm going to the conference to find out what it means to live a lifestyle of Christian nonviolence.  Surely it means more than, here and there, questioning the wisdom of the Iraq War.  For me it has a lot to do with parenting my oldest son.  He has autism, and can be quite violent, quite unexpectedly.  How do I not react violently to his aggressive behavior?  How can I be the kind of parent that he needs me to be in order for him to thrive?  I'll let you know what I find out.  I'm also going to do a little hiking, a little splashing in cold mountain streams, and a little relaxing.