Once again, UNC-Chapel Hill has asked its incoming freshmen to   read a book and talk about it .  Once again, somebody's feelings have gotten hurt.  Last year the UNC chieftans asked the first-years to read a book about the   Qu'ran .  Some Tarheel fundamentalists sued their university, arguing that the assignment amounted to "religious indoctrination" and violated their right to freedom of religion.  An incredible argument on the face of it--religious indoctrination in Orange County, the reputed epicenter of NC-style secular humanism?    This year the freshmen have to read and discuss  Nickel and Dimed:  On (Not) Getting By in America,  by Barbara Ehrenreich.  Politically conservative students and their supporters in the press complain that the book is an extremist attack on the U.S. free enterprise system.  In the July 14  Salisbury Post , John Hood of the John Locke Foundation said that assigning this book is but one example of  UNC's liberal bias.  At Carolina you don't get a liberal education in the classic sense; you get a capital L liberal education.  The upset students want a book that presents a more "balanced" perspective.  From Mullahs to Marxists, a "startling metamorphosis" for the UNC faculty, if I may quote the old TV show that Hollywood turned into a summer blockbuster.  Especially startling considering all that bad blood between the Mullahs and the Marxists after that unpleasantness in Afghanistan.  But I disgress.  Let's ask ourselves two questions:  Is Hood correct to assert that UNC-Chapel Hill is overgrown with leftists? and, Is Ehrenreich's book really  The Communist Manifesto  for a new generation?  Question One:  Is Carolina a liberal place?  Hood certainly thinks so.  He asserts that the faculty is "overwhelmingly left wing," and calls the administration a bunch of "left-wing bigots."    But is it true?  I have no idea.  And how does Hood know?  Has he polled the UNC faculty on their party affiliation or how they voted in recent elections?  It's an unsubstantiated allegation.  Are we to believe, for instance, that the MDs on the faculty of the Carolina medical school are a hair to the right of Lenin and Marx?  Doctors make good money, and the wealthy tend to vote for Republicans.  And there's no constituency cheering harder for the GOP's latest cause celebre, tort reform, than physicians.  But suppose there are a lot of liberals teaching at Chapel Hill.  How does one's voting record affect your teaching of a subject like organic chemistry?  Or differential equations?  Heck, the whole math department at Carolina could have voted for Ralph Nader in 2000, and the math majors could sail through the university unruffled by such extremist ideas as, "We shouldn't start wars," or "Corporations that pollute the environment ought to bear the cost of cleaning it up."  (Wait, wait, don't tell me... The math department sneaks it in with word problems!  "If a train loaded with supply side economists going 60 miles per hour collides head-on with a train packed with pro-life activists going 120 miles per hour...")  Let's suppose even further that the humanties and social sciences are infested with graying hippies who still refer to police as pigs and can't let go of the fact that we bombed Cambodia.  True, they might use a strained interpretation of  Jane Eyre  to promote a "radical feminist" agenda.  They might take pot shots at President Bush in the Intro to Political Science course.    On the other hand, they might be commited to a liberal education in the lower case l sense of the word.  They might strive, above all, to get their students to think hard about all points of view, and to be able to make a logical, factual, compelling case for their own perspective, whatever it is.  I don't know any UNC profs, but I know a few at my hometown college,   Catawba .  They fit the latter category much better than the caricature that Hood paints.  On to Question Number Two:  How bad is  Nickel and Dimed ?  I don't know.  I haven't read the book.  We don't know if Hood has read the book either.  He spills a lot of ink insulting the Chapel Hill faculty, but none at all over the content of  Nickel and Dimed .  Just what does Ehrenreich say that's outrageous enough to make tender, right-wing ears tingle?  I haven't read the book, but I've read a few reviews of  Nickel and Dimed .  (That's the difference between seminary and the parish.  In seminary, you read books.  In the parish you read book reviews).    From Lillian Daniel's review in the August 1-8, 2001  Christian Century , I learned that Ehrenreich "went undercover" in the world of the working poor.  For three years she lived the life of a waitress or a discount store employee.  She documents how hard it is to find housing on a minimum wage salary, how easy it is to become obese when you're poor and the local food pantry loads you up with Rice Krispies and bags of candy, and how humiliating it can be for women in their 50s to wait tables under the supervision of 20-something men who strictly enforce a limit of six croutons per salad.  Simply casting light on people like this is probably enough to raise the hackles of some on the far right, who, in their gated communities, prefer to live in blissful ignorance of lower class Americans.  But the author quits preachin' and goes to meddlin' when she dares to suggest that the "gubmunt" might have a roll to play in alleviating their suffering.  A living wage, subsidized child care and universal health insurance is the ticket, not faith-based initiatives.  Ehrenreich is highly critical of the churches where Jesus is worshipped in theory, but goes unrecognized in "the least of these."  Daniel's review is enough to convince me that  Nickel and Dimed  is a book worth reading.  I'll get around to it eventually.  I won't agree with everything in the book, I'm sure.  In 1996 I was disappointed that President Clinton signed the Welfare Reform Bill into law.  Today, I've changed my mind.  Our congregation has a   ministry to people suffering from AIDS .  After three years of involvement with one indigent family through that ministry, I can see the value in limiting direct cash assistance, and tying it to education, retraining, and other initiatives.  I can also see that Christians, even well-meaning ones who set up good programs, can only do so much to lift the poor out of poverty.  Doing justice and loving mercy is the task of the state as well as the church.  Hood calls the reading assignment illiberal, an example of the UNC faculty pushing a narrow, partisan political agenda.  This is the pot calling the kettle black.  Not wanting to confront a point of view that you disagree with is the height of illiberalism.  If the students' political views are so fragile that they can't stand up to one portrait of the working poor in modern America, maybe they aren't worth having.  Read the book, and tell your classmates why Ehrenreich's wrong.  Tell us why the working poor are lucky to live in America.  Tell us why a living wage is bad public policy.  Or go to Liberty University.  Either way, stop your whining.