Knight Ridder reporters Jonathan S. Landay and Warren P. Strobel have composed a devastating indictment of the management of post-war Iraq.  According to the   article , which ran in newspapers in Charlotte, San Jose, Kansas City and elsewhere Saturday, the neo-con cabal that planned the Iraq War, led by Mr. Rumsfeld and Miss Rice, had no plan for administering the country after the war ended.  Their "plan," such as it was, was to hand over the nation to Iraqi exile leader and convicted felon Ahmad Chalabi, after jubilant Iraqis threw the Third Armored Division a ticker tape parade in the streets of Baghdad.  Nor did they have a back-up plan if Plan A (such as it was) failed to materialize.  Fail to materialize it did.  Ordinary Iraqis have given a muted reception to American troops.  Chalabi lacked credibility with his compatriots, and even with President Bush.  In the absence of a plan, the country has descended into chaos.  72 days after the President landed on an aircraft carrier to declare the war over, American forces are battling a well-organized insurgency.  Looters rule the evening hours in Iraq.    It could have been different.  Landay and Strobel report that the State Department labored eight months on a plan to rebuild post-war Iraq.  The "Future of Iraq" project dealt with everything from restoring a working judicial system, to restoring wetlands that the Saddam regime had drained.  But the Chicken Hawks refused to let the plan see the light of day.  I used to think that President Bush, who was openly contemptuous of "nation-building" in the 2000 election campaign, had been dragged, kicking and screaming, into nation-building by the events of the past two years.  In fact, he remains streadfast in his opposition to the concept.  There's no nation-building going on in Iraq, and not much in Afghanistan.   But "nation-destroying"--now that's another matter altogether.  Bush and his neo-con underlings seem to think that if we're just brutal enough against our enemies, then everything will fall into place, for the good of us and our friends.  They are quite wrong, and the people who are paying the price for it are ordinary Iraqis whom we liberated from Saddam only to hand them over to the looters, and the Army wives at Fort Stewart wondering when and if their husbands will return.  In the 1990s we had two choices in foreign policy:  Pat Buchanan's non-interventionism, and a neo-Wilsonian interventionism embraced by the Clinton administration's Lake and Albright.  Each has its drawbacks.  The former risks letting problems get out of control.  It fails to understand that in a global, wired economy, the U.S. is no longer an island apart.  The latter courts arrogance and over-reaching.  Can we really impose our values on other countries and different cultures?  Can we really be the world's policeman?    But both seem preferable to the Bull in a China Shop foreign policy that the current President is implementing.  As to this third option, a quote from the Roman historian Tacitus which panned his era's famed  Pax Romana  seems in order:    They made a desolation, and called it peace.