I'm having second thoughts about that   lawn mower  after reading this morning's lead editorial in   The Charlotte Observer .  There are competing bills in Congress that would impose new regulations on power plant emissions--the Bush administration's so-called "Clean Skies Initiative," and a bill sponsored by a senator from Delaware.  Bush's EPA did a study, and it turns out that their bill is the poorer of the two.  The Congressional bill would reduce pollutants across the board for a minimal cost, and generate billions of dollars in health care savings.  Naturally, the EPA squelched the results.  The Republican Party seems almost reflexively anti-environment.  Even when the data are staring them straight in the face, they find some way to stick their heads in the sand.  Consider the evolution of the global warming debate.  When scientists first proposed that human activity was warming up the earth, they said, "Global warming isn't happening."  When more data confirmed the original hypothesis, they said, "OK, the earth is warming up, but for natural reasons, not because of pollution."  Still more data was brought forward.  Now they say, "Yes, global warming is happening, and it's being caused by us, but it's not so bad.  Why, one day people in Minnesota will grow lemons.  Yippee!"  It wasn't always this way.  The greatest environmental politician of the last century, Theodore Roosevelt, was a Republican.  TR created a slew of national parks and was an avid outdoorsman.  It was Richard Nixon, of all people, who founded the very government agency that's trying to run away from its own findings about how to best clean up the air.    Environmentalism and the GOP ought to be fast friends.  Genuine conservatives want to   conserve  ; they want to preserve precious resources and time-tested institutions and mores.  When it comes to the environment, conservatism equals conservation, preserving clean air and water, scenic places, rare animal and plant life.    Genuine conservatives also want the free market to work.  Most pollution today is, in economic terms, an externality, one company unfairly passing the cost of doing business off to someone else.  Forcing utilities to clean up their emissions simply ensures that the people who create the pollution bear the economic cost, rather than children with asthma whose parents must pay for medication and doctor's visits.  Free markets need the rule of law expressed in the regulatory power of governmental agencies like the EPA.  But there are few genuine conservatives in the Republican Party at the national level.  Folks like Dick Cheney and Tom deLay think that the government is the enemy of free markets.  That's a libertarian mindset, not a conservative one.  And it's plain wrong.  Just look at Russia, where crony capitalism flourishes underneath a weak federal government.    So perhaps I will plug away with my reel mower.  After all, is it "liberal" or "conservative" to maintain my lawn with an old fashioned mower that requires some physical exertion on the part of its user, but requires little if any money to be spent on upkeep?