Gay marriage  is back in the news after the Supreme Court struck down anti-sodomy laws in a host of states.  Both sides predict that the high court's decision will pave the way for legal challenges to laws that define marriage as a union of a man and a woman.  This takes me back a dozen summers to when the Presbyterian Church's General Assembly debated and rejected a controversial study of human sexuality titled "Keeping Body and Soul Together."  The paper argued that justice and love, not a marriage license, are the marks of a good sexual relationship.  It called for greater tolerance of homosexuality, and civil recognition of gay and lesbian relationships.  Much that is wrong with gay and lesbian sexual behavior, argued the paper, is attributable to the fierce prejudice against homosexuals in our society.  That prejudice forces gays and lesbians underground--hence the high rates of promiscuity and sexually transmitted diseases in that community.  The report and its authors were pilloried, and not only by the right.  Feminist fatale Camille Paglia complained about the   conservatism   of the Sexuality Report.  "You nit-wits," she said, in effect, "Gays don't have sex with each other in bathroom stalls because they're oppressed.  They do it there because it's fun!  Stop trying to turn homosexuals into Ozzie and Harriet!"  I have no personal experience with bathroom stall sex, so who am I to referee this dispute?  But Paglia is right about one thing:  the liberal authors of "Keeping Body and Soul Together" made, unwittingly perhaps, a very conservative argument when they asserted that opening  marriage up to gays would generate more monogamous, loving sexual behavior among homosexuals.  Marriage, it turns out, is not just a piece of paper after all.  So if marriage is a commendable arrangement for gays and lesbians, what about heterosexuals?  Why is it that many on the left who are all for gay marriage tend to shrug their shoulders when it comes to divorce and serial co-habitation in the straight community?  What's good for the geese and the ganders is good for the...  Well, you know what I mean.