I'm departing from the   lectionary  this summer to preach a sermon series on the   Apostles' Creed .  This post will give you a brief introduction to the creed.  Although the Apostles' Creed was not written by one of the twelve apostles, it's a very early Christian confession of faith.  Some form of the creed may have been in use in congregations in the western Roman Empire in the second century.    The creed follows a Trinitarian format.  It treats God the Father first, followed by a longer section on Jesus Christ, and wraps up with a statement on the Holy Spirit, under which is subsumed several clauses about the life and mission of the church.  One reason why Christians have written creeds is to refute false doctrines.  The Apostles' Creed is no exception.  In contrast to Marcion, who taught that Jesus revealed a new, more loving God than the inferior, vengeful God of the Old Testament, the Apostles' Creed emphasizes that the same God who made heaven and earth as recorded in the Jewish scriptures is also the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.    Marcionism remains a stubborn heresy.  It crops up whenever Christians make disparaging comments about the Old Testament in general or the God revealed therein.  In fact, Jesus talks a lot more about hell than any Old Testament prophet of doom, and the Old Testament extolls God's "steadfast love" just as much as the New Testament does.  The Apostles' Creed also refuted the teachings of the Gnostics.  Gnosticism was a decentralized, pan-religious/philosophical movement in late antiquity.  What troubled orthodox Christians about Gnosticism was its elitism and its contempt for the body.  Gnostics believed that by being initiated into the mysteries offered by enlightened teachers, one could escape the confines of the material world and achieve unity with the divine Spirit.  The Apostles' Creed opposed this religious vision in a number of ways.  It affirmed the goodness of creation by confessing that God was maker of heaven and earth.  It also insisted that Jesus Christ was a real human being from start to finish.  He had a human mother, Mary.  Jesus had a real human body that suffered, died and was buried, thus experiencing corruption.  He was not a purely divine being who blew through the world for a while and escaped unscathed.  The Creed also contains a clause on  the resurrection of the body.  What orthodox Christians hope for is not an escape from the body, but the transformation of the body.   The Apostles' Creed is also bears witness to an egalitarian faith, not an elitist one.  The creed is short.  Anyone can memorize it.  If you believe it, you're in.  There's no secondary, esoteric wisdom beyond what's in the creed that sets apart "serious" Christians from the rest of the pack.  Gnosticism continues to pose a threat to orthodox Christianity.  Christians who turn a blind eye to the destruction of the environment, or Christians who care only about the salvation of people's souls, neglecting to care for their bodies (especially the bodies of the poor, the imprisoned, the disabled and the sick) need to hear the Creed again with fresh ears.  As for elitism, well, the examples of that are too numerous to mention.    A colleague of mine likens the Creed to the sidelines of a football field, or the foul poles in a baseball park.  The Creed does define some ideas as "out of bounds," but within the Creed there's a lot of fair territory to exploit.  A baseball player can get on with a screaming line drive, a bunt up the third base line, or a flair that drops just over the head of the shortstop.  While Lutherans have tended to regard Catholics as out of bounds, and Presbyterians have worried that Anglicans are drifting over into foul territory, perhaps it's more the case that we're all finding a different way to reach base and score within the same fair territory.