President Bush returned to the White House from a month's vacation at his Texas ranch.  Did a few weeks in the Lone Star sagebrush render Dubya one with God's good creation?  Judging by the record, the answer is No Way.  In the past week Bush's EPA relaxed clean air standards for power plants.  Utilities may renovate old, dirty power plants without having to bring them into compliance with new clean air standards as long as the renovations don't total more than 20% of the facility's worth per year.  In other words, a utility that owns a power plant valued at $500 million can do $100 million worth of work annually on said facility without having to upgrade it's pollution control devices.  All the EPA's done is to allow utilities to build brand new power plants that comply with ancient pollution standards so long as they do it in slow motion.  What's next?  Let the auto makers build cars that run on leaded gasoline?  But that's not all.  It turns out that in the days after the attacks on the World Trade Center, the White House cut data from EPA reports on air quality in lower Manhattan.  The data were bad.  The revised report made it appear as though the air surrounding the Trade Center site was safer than it really was.  Reason?  "National security."    Mind-boggling, especially given the Chicken Little warnings that occasionally come forth from the Bush administration, the "Code Orange alerts."  When the White House has real data on real dangers, it quashes it.  When it has God-knows-what, we get Code Orange and warnings from the Homeland Security Director to "Be vigilant."  What does that mean anyway?  Look real hard at the clerk at the Stop 'N' Go?  On the other hand, if the White House had told people, "The air in lower Manhattan is dangerous to breathe, and this is what you can do about it," that would have been a truly helpful terrorist advisory.  Last, but not least, the EPA decided that it can't regulate carbon dioxide emissions, because the Supreme Court told the Clinton EPA it couldn't regulate tobacco.  CO2 is the chief cause of global warming.  Not that they would do anything if they could.  The only people left who don't believe global warming is happening spent the last month frying under a Texas-sized sun.  I guess they want everybody to have that August-in-Texas experience.   It's super-duper that the President is an outdoorsman.  So was the great Republican chief executive at the start of the last century, Theodore Roosevelt.  Unlike TR, this President won't do anything substantively to protect the outdoors he loves.  Bush's love of the outdoors is pure sentimentalism.