I have worked on Sunday's sermon all week.  I read Karl Barth's chapters on "Suffered Under Pontius Pilate" and "Crucified, Dead and Buried," in his little volume on the Apostles' Creed titled  Dogmatics in Outline .  I read the same chapters in Lochman's commentary on the Creed.    I exegeted the scripture passages.  John's account of the crucifixion really plays up Pilate's cynical manipulation of the seething Priests.  I reflected on the new epistemology that Paul puts forth in First Corinthians 1: 18-25 (epistemology is a big word for how it is that we know things to be true).  "Since, in the wisdom of God, the world did not know God through wisdom, God decided, through the foolishness of our proclamation, to save those who believe."  I read Calvin's commentary on that text, and came away a bit disappointed.  Luther surely would have done better, as he used 1 Corinthians 1 in the Heidelberg Disputation to whip the scholastic theologians who thought that we could ascend to God through studying what is beautiful and good in creation rather than descend into hell with Christ.  What do I have to show for all this work?  Nothing.  Zip.  Zilch.  There's not one word on  paper yet.  The writer's block is crippling this week.  Why?  I'm freezing up before this huge topic--the cross--just like I freeze up every Holy Week, trying to come up with something to say about the resurrection.  Good Friday and Easter need a lifetime of preaching.  Indeed, if any sermon isn't about Good Friday and Easter in some sort of way, it isn't a sermon.  It might be a fine speech, but not a proclamation of the Word of God.  I'm feeling the pressure to cover all the bases in one sermon, and that can't be done.    But God gave me a clue about how to narrow things down.  I came home yesterday feeling hot, tired and surly.  I was changing clothes in the bedroom when from behind me Ethan blurted out, "Daddy, nothing can separate you from God's love."  He was holding a little wooden cross up to me, which he'd grabbed off a shelf.  Every night we have a devotion time with the kids, and we close it by making the sign of the cross on their foreheads.  When they ask us what that means, we say, "It means that nothing can separate you from God's love."  So Ethan was saying back to me what we've been saying to him most every night.  I still haven't written my sermon yet, but when I get up early Sunday to do it, you can bet that I'll say something about God's love for us in the crucifixion of Jesus.  That Friday was Good after all.