Oh, how I loathe the culture wars.  So why am I throwing my two-cents worth into the cesspool of commentary on Judge Roy's two ton tablets?    Christopher Hitchens  made me do it.  At the above link, Hitchens doesn't bother arguing that the Commandments don't belong in a courthouse.  He argues that the commandments are bad religion, and religion in general is bad for morality.    A summary:  Only an insecure deity would chisel the first three commandments onto that slab of granite Moses lugged down from Mt. Sinai.  The sabbath law has no moral or ethical value.  "Honor thy father and mother" is sentimental, and unenforceable.  All societies ban murder and stealing, so these laws can't be the product of divine revelation.  And as for no coveting, it too is unenforceable, and totalitarian.  You can't legislate what people think.    Hitchens concludes by complaining about the arbitrariness of choosing these commandments rather than some of the more distasteful ones in scripture to post in a courthouse, and the unfairness of God in making us the way we are and then holding it against us.  Goodness.  Hitchens is a witty and deliberately provocative writer, but this contribution to Slate is not his best.    Arguing that there's nothing original about "Thou shalt not kill" ironically makes Judge Roy's case that the Ten Commandments are timeless truths acknowledged by all civilized societies and therefore belong in a court of law.    Hitchens puts his finger on the morality of the sabbath with a sarcastic comment about what organized labor in the land of Egypt might have wanted, but goes no further.  That's just it, Chris!  The sabbath is about social justice:  a forty hour work week, overtime pay, bankruptcy proceedings, even animal rights (your ass can't work on the sabbath either) can all be extrapolated from the fourth commandment.  But in fairness to Hitchens, if he can't see the ethical implications of the Ten Commandments, perhaps it's because Christians are content to adhere to the letter of the law, but not plumb the depths of its spirit.  Christians know all too well that these commandments are but ten of many, and some of the rest are distasteful to modern sensibilities.  Christians have rules for adjudicating between the diverse teachings of scripture, just as secular courts have long-established (but open to change) rules for interpreting constitutional, statutory and case law.  The Decalogue is a starting point, and the other stuff (fines for beating somebody's slave, etc.) is evaluated in light of how well it builds on the foundation, and how well it coheres with the person and work of Jesus, who is the end (the telos) of the law.    Secularists too have this burden.  Both Plessy V. Ferguson, which established the constitutionality of segregation, and Brown V. Board of Eduation, which overturned it (in the realm of education) were written after the 14th amendment was added to the Constitution.  Does that mean that the 14th amendment is worthless?  Hardly.  Christians have thought a lot about the riddle of an all-powerful, all-loving Creator and his recalcitrant creatures.  There's whole books on "original sin," "free will v. determinism," "the problem of evil," and "eschatology" (final things).  So Hitchens see some contradictions.  Is he aware of how Christians deal with these contradictions?  Does he care?  Is he willing to apply his own standards of consistency to secular movements?  If so, Hitchens will eventually have to smuggly dismiss the own ground he's taken his stand on, if Hitchens himself wants to be consistent.  It's easy to be provocative.  But thoughtfully provocative?  Christopher Hitchens has been in the past, but not today.