I'm getting to know more and more parents who don't want to force their children to go to church.  "Force" is the sticky word.  Shouldn't church be a joyful event?  Don't we want our children to want to be there?  And if we "force" them to attend against their will, won't they grow resentful of both their parents and organized religion?  Will they not rebel and worship at Saint Mattress every Sunday morning as soon as they're out on their own?  It's a plausible argument, but I'm not buying it.  It's so foreign to me.  In my family of origin church was taken for granted.  There was no question whatsoever that we would all be there every Sunday that we were in town and healthy.  There was no question that I would participate in our youth group, even though I had little in common with the other teenagers.  They were into hunting and sports.  I was into the debate team.  So I welcomed   Anne LaMott's comments  , reprinted in the latest  Christian Century .  Her son, whom we got to know as an infant in    Operating Instructions , is now a 14-year-old.  He hates church, but she makes him go.  She says that she makes him do a lot of things that he doesn't want to do, like homework and flossing his teeth.  Why?  Because it's good for him, and that's what good parenting is all about.    It's not that God doesn't love people who never darken the door of a sanctuary, but the greater point is to learn to love God back.  The best way to do that is to show up at Saint Mary's or Saint Timothy's on Sunday morning, rather than reclining at Saint Mattress, and imitate the beloved lovers in the pews.  Is it brainwashing to make participation in organized religion mandatory?  If you're worried about "indoctrinating" your son or daughter, rest assured that there are many folks out there whose consciences are not nearly as troubled as yours.  They will be happy to fill the vacuum that you've created in your child's life with their own visions of the good life:  conspicious consumption, substance abuse, brutality, sexual promiscuity.    It's not a question of whether or not our children will be indoctrinated.  The only question is whether or not parents will cede that responsibility to peers, the media, corporate America, the state and other principalities and powers.