Social Security Silliness, Part Deux :  In the right corner we have local Libertarian Danny Brooks who   proposed a solution to Social Security's woes in Saturday's Charlotte Observer  (let's call it the Final Solution)--kill Social Security, let workers invest their FICA contributions in the stock market, and pay our obligations to current retirees by selling off federal assets.  Where do I begin?  At the end.  Imagine the feeding frenzy when corporate America shows up to bid at the great federal estate sale.  Wouldn't the Statue of Liberty look so much better hoisting a light bulb with the GE logo emblazoned upon it, instead of that no-name brand torch?  Remember the stink over Disney building a Civil War theme park next door to the Manassas battlefield?  Now imagine Mickey Mouse owning the battlefield itself.  How about Exxon-Mobil coming in with the low bid for Yellowstone National Park?  Or a commercial real estate outfit snapping up the Smokies?  Then Floridians wouldn't have to leave the park to tour the Ripley's Believe It or Not museum in Gatlinburg.  Nope; they'd just erect a Gatlinburg East right there in the middle of Cades Cove, and widen the park road to eight lanes.  But that's the low hanging fruit.  More serious is Brooks' moral challenge to Social Security.  He admits that if no one's forced to pay FICA, some may play the grasshopper and not lay up treasures for retirement.  They should rely on their families or churches, but not on the state, he argues.    That's the way it was before the Social Security Act was passed in 1935.  Families were more stable, and churches were fuller, yet senior citizens were more likely to be poor than any other demographic group.  Today the elderly are less likely to be poor than anyone else--the great triumph of Social Security.  The private sector can't bring to bear the muscle that the state can when tackling an issue like poverty.  But that's fine with Brooks.  If he can triple his return on what he's paying in payroll taxes, then what's a few more Alpo-eating old folks?  Brooks and his ilk have a definite moral vision for America.  It is a graceless, ruthlessly individualistic vision.  No second chances in Brooks' ideal world.  If you wind up eating dog food, all the Libertarians have for you is a bunch of "I told you sos."  Contrast that with the moral vision of Labor Secretary Frances Perkins, architect of Social Security.  A devoutly religious Episcopalian, Perkins made a silent retreat once a month for all twelve years that she served in FDR's cabinet.  She loved the concept of insurance because it married religion and science--the parable of the Good Samaritan written into actuarial tables.  With Social Security, risk is dispersed through the general population through the pooling of assets.  Everyone contributes, and the safety net is spread underneath everyone.  With Social Security we "bear one another's burdens and fulfill the law of Christ" (Galatians 6:2).  Social Security is not perfect, but with some tweaking it can be made reliable for years to come.  The "Individual Insecurity" that the Libertarians are selling is an unnecessarily radical and pagan solution.