Social Security Silliness Part One :  In the left corner we have Vermont Governor Howard Dean, latest winner of   Slate's  "Whopper of the Week Award."  On the campaign trail Dean declared that he's never favored raising the retirement age for Social Security.  But   here is incontestable proof  that Dean told a big fat one.    What changed Dean's mind on raising the retirement age?  Has terrorism and the recession convinced Dean that Social Security is on a   sounder   footing now?  No.  He's running for the Democratic Presidential nomination, and to even admit that Social Security has a problem, much less suggest reducing benefits as a solution, is to thumb your nose at the received left-wing orthodoxy.    What's Social Security's problem?  It's a ponzi scheme, not an insurance plan.  Current workers are not laying up treasures for their retirement; they're financing the payouts to current retirees.  When the new money coming in can't keep up with the obligations to the people already in the system, Social Security, like all pyramid schemes, will collapse.  (I'll never forget the first time I had to file a 1040 return.  Ministers are self-employed for Social Security purposes, so my accountant had to figure my SECA tax as well as my income tax.  But I only had to write one check to the government.  "How will they know how much of this goes into the Social Security Trust Fund?"  I asked her.  "Silly boy," said the expression on my accountant's face.  She replied, "There's no such thing as a Social Security Trust Fund."  I sure was glad she cleared that up!)    It's not hard to fix Social Security.  Either increase revenue or cut payments.  The former option appeals to my sense of justice.  Only the first 80K of income is subject to FICA.  Think about that:  a corporate manager, an attorney and a software designer pay as much Social Security tax as Bill Gates, Warren Buffet and Oprah combined.  Lift that cap!  Your solvency problems will vanish.  But the latter option makes more sense given the purpose of the program.  When Social Security was established, the retirement age was roughly equal to the average life expectancy.  The program was never intended to fund endless rounds of golf followed by endless trips to some Myrtle Beach theater.  It's more modest goal is to keep you from having to eat dog food when you're too old and decrepit to work.  So why not raise the retirement age, given the fact that people are living so much longer?   Raise it on younger workers, not on 64 year olds.  I'm 33.  Why shouldn't I have to work until my early 70s to begin drawing benefits?  The 70 year olds I know today are like 55 year olds of previous years.  If God is willing, I'll still be relatively fit by then.  There'll be no reason for me to go on the dole before then.  But Democrats are loathe to cut any benefits, even when it makes such good sense.  They're fiddling while Rome burns, and I guess when Social Security is finally reduced to cinders, they'll blame it on the Republicans, as Nero blamed the Christians.