Buried in Sunday's newspaper I found an   article  that rebutts, point by point, the allegations that Secretary of State Colin Powell made against Iraq at that U.N. Security Council meeting last February 5.  Some highlights:  Remember the trailors, the mobile weapon factories?  Defense Intelligence Agency officials admitted this week that the Iraqis used the trailors to make hydrogen for weather balloons.  How about those chemical weapon warheads that Powell said were "the tip of the iceberg?"  On June 16, Hans Blix, chief U.N. weapons inspector, reported that the warheads (which were empty) had never been unboxed.  "Debris from the past," he said.  How about all that anthrax that Powell said the Iraqis were supposedly packing?  U.S. occupation forces have found none, and a U.N. report dated May 30 verified Iraqi claims that they'd destroyed their anthrax.  I could go on and on, but why not   read it for yourself ?  Then ask yourself (and the administration) some questions:     Question :  Since we conquered Iraq, have we discovered anything to substantiate the allegation that Iraq was a clear and present danger to the U.S. at the time the war broke out?    Answer :  No.   Question :  Is the United States more secure today than before the war?  (Remember, Americans continue to be killed on a daily basis in Iraq.  And take note that right now there are only three combat brigades in the U.S. Army that are either not deployed or not scheduled for deployment.   And both Iran and North Korea could "go nuclear" in the near future.)    Answer :  No.  Is it revisionist history to ask such questions?  Of course not.  It's the Bush administration that's revising history by asking us to ignore the facts on the ground in Iraq.  Is it the media's "liberal bias" that would lead to such an unflattering article about Powell's speech?  Only if plain, ordinary fact-checking is liberal bias rather than good journalistic practice.  If the facts don't leave the White House smelling like a rose, is it "fair and balanced" to suppress those facts?  If it's "liberal bias" that fueled the AP article, why wasn't it on the front page?  Should we ignore the fact that the administration's case for war didn't pan out simply because Saddam Hussein is a real bad guy, and happily he's no longer in power?  There are real bad guys running Burma too.  Heck, they put Nobel Laureates under house arrest in Burma.  They torture and kill dissidents there too.  Are you ready to roll in there with the last three combat brigades the Army can spare?  Isn't it true that the war was really about the President's need for avenging the plot that Saddam Hussein hatched against his father?  Wasn't the war really about "sending a message" to the world, especially the Arab world, after 9/11?  Don't you think that you need to send a message to the cowboys in the White House next November?  The message might be:  Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.  (Remember, leave no chads hanging when you deliver your message.)