"People talk about the 'divorce epidemic'  as if it were a disease that could and should be cured," complained columnist Jennifer Just in my local newspaper Sunday.  The real problem with divorce, she argues, is the stigma that still cloaks those 39 million Americans who, for one reason or another, have decided to untie the knot.    After all, she reasons, folks live a lot longer than they used to.  Isn't it unrealistic to expect men and women to "live, sleep and grow in tandem with the same person til death do them part, which statistically is 50 years and up?"  Today, divorce ends marriages at about the same point that death did a century ago.  And, she adds, the sheer numbers of divorced people demand that we re-evaluate our old prejudices.  "39 million people can't be all wrong," writes Just.  A shrewd argument, I'll have to admit.  I'll be mulling it over come Saturday when I assist in a wedding ceremony.  Perhaps I'll issue a disclaimer to the bride and groom:  "Be warned that the person you're exchanging rings with today is probably not the person you'll want to be sitting beside when your children do this."  In Just's world, we'd have one spouse for our carefree twenty-somethings, a second one to raise the kids with, yet another spouse to enjoy the empty nest phase, and maybe a fourth to drool with in the nursing home common area.    Reformed Christians speak of marriage as a "covenant."  That's a biblical term for the relationship between God and Israel, a relationship which, at least from God's side, is one of  hesed , often translated "steadfast love."  God's love is not a dreamy, eye-fluttering romanticism.  It is durable, faithful, broad and deep.  If marriage is indeed a covenant, an opportunity to express in horizontal terms the abiding love that binds us with our heavenly Father, then why can't our increasing life expectancies be an opportunity to plumb the depths of that love even further?  But is Just justified in complaining that divorce and divorced people are unduly stigmatized?  Her opinion is seconded by a five year study of the family  that the Presbyterian Church's Advisory Committee on Social Witness Policy presented to the General Assembly last month.  The report stressed an inclusive attitude toward all household forms.  What really counts, the report contended, is how the various forms function and the quality of their communicative process.   Of course churchgoers should avoid judgmentalism.  But a generation of data on the family are in, and there's no way to avoid making some judgments.  In their book  The Case for Marriage:  Why Married People Are Happier, Healthier and Better Off Financially , Linda White and Maggie Gallagher report the following:  1.  Mortality rates are 50% higher for unmarried women and 250% higher for unmarried men than their married counterparts. 2.  Married men and women are more satisfied with their sex lives than co-habitating men and women.   3.  On the verge of retirement, the typical married couple has accumulated $410,000, compared to $167,000 for the never married, $154,000 for the divorced, $151,000 for the widowed and just under $96,000 for the seperated. 4.  Married men are far less likely to abuse their wives and children than unmarried men are to abuse their lovers or minor children with whom they live.  Now, is it judgmental to report these facts?  Not any more judgmental than it is to report that smoking increases your chances of getting cancer, and that a high fat diet increases your risk of heart disease.  Don't shoot the messenger.  Why can't the church deal with marriage and divorce the way that the health care system deals with good health?  Doctors put out the word that immunizations, exercise, and a diet blessed with fresh fruits and vegetables are the keys to good health.  At the same time enormous amounts of time and energy are invested in healing the sick, even those whose diseases are largely the result of poor lifestyle choices.  No lung cancer patient is denied chemotherapy because he or she was a smoker.  In like manner, congregations need to encourage their members to get married and stay married, and equip them with the skills and virtues that make for a good marriage.  At the same time the church needs to welcome divorced men and women.  When a person goes through a divorce, that individual has often been through hell.  God forbid that the church be a community that shoots its wounded.