Happy birthday Ethan !  Our oldest son turns six today.  I remember August 5, 1997 quite well.  Laura already had an appointment scheduled at her OB-GYN practice, and she had a pretty good feeling that she wouldn't be going home afterward.  Laura walked into the examining room, announced to her physician that the baby was coming, and we both got that patronizing, "How sweet, but let's not get too excited" look from her.  Then she examined Laura and promptly shipped us over to   St. Mary's Hospital .  Things didn't get too stressful until General Hospital came on.  So I, good coach that I was, tried to get Laura to begin her breathing exercises.  "That's not going to cut it!"  she snarled.  The nurse came in, and I complained, "She's not doing her breathing exercises."  The nurse asked, "Well, is she breathing?"  She was.  "Then what are you worried about?" she asked.    So I sat there feeling like failure.  Then I watched Laura's breathing, and realized that she was doing exactly what the childbirth class instructer taught us to do, but for active labor, not the preliminary breathing exercises.  "Now I get it!" I thought.  "We're a lot farther along that I knew."  So then I was able to coach her on her breathing the right way.  (All that coaching stuff is for the father, not the mother, so that we won't feel utterly useless, I've decided.  Oh, I did feed her some chipped ice.  I think that actually helped a little bit.)  And then at 6:30 or so, out came Ethan!  The most amazing thing in the world, seeing your own child born.  He was red all over (now he's just red on top!), and screaming bloody murder.  On the one hand, a newborn baby is a pretty big thing to come out of someone else's body.  On the other hand, I look at Ethan today, and can't imagine that he once fit on our changing table.  Six years makes so little difference to us, so much difference to them.    It's been a great six years.  And Thursday he starts kindergarden.  In six more years he'll be on the cusp of his teenage years.  Unbelievable.