Whither the peace movement?  Despite a turnout of millions in the streets of Rome, London and New York, despite an avalanche of faxes on Capital Hil, despite innumerable candlelight vigils and prayers for peace, the war happened anyway.  What now?  "The antiwar movement is in despair," said Janet Chisholm, a field worker for the   Fellowship of Reconciliation , at the Presbyterian Peacemaking Conference.  That sounded strange to me.  Many anti-war folks I know have adopted a grimly satisfied "See I told you so" pose as U.S. forces continue to suffer casualties months after the President declared major combat over.  Then a friend linked me to   this article .  Face it, says the pseudonymous "Gaius Publius."  The administration didn't fool the American people with tall tales of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.  The American people are a violent and racist lot.  They're all too happy to let Dubya unleash our soldiers on brown-skinned infidels everywhere, and more than willing to turn a blind eye to torture and brutality, either at Guantanamo Bay or in Pakistani prisons.  Whatever it takes to keep us fat and happy.  "Woe is me!  I am a man of unclean lips, and I live among a people of unclean lips!"  Except that Gaius Publius doesn't bother confessing his own sins, just those of his thuggish countrymen.  This is despair, and self-righteousness.  It's the left's turn to wallow in it.  Five years ago, to the astonishment of everybody in AM radio land, the American people rewarded President Clinton for his affair with Monica Lewinsky by turning out the Republicans in the mid-term elections.  Conservatives moped about an immoral electorate while liberals praised the American people's sense of fair play.  Today the tables have turned.  So how did the American people go from being so decent in 1998 to being so despicable today?  Maybe the far left and the far right are both correct.  Maybe Americans are both libertines and violent racists.  Or maybe despair and self-righteouness are entirely predictable stages that every social movement goes through.  This is what FOR staffer Chisolm says, pointing to the work of Bill Moyer (not the TV guy), who has studied social change movements.    It goes like this:  There's a problem.  Groups organize to tackle the problem, researching alternatives, pressuring elected leaders, educating the public.  The movement takes off.  Then there's resistance.  Goals go unachieved.  People lose interest.   At this point, movements can choose to stay small and pure and rage at the machine, or work to broaden their base of support.  Gaius Publius's rant about TV watching Americans heaping Judge Judy-style justice on the Muslim world is an example of the former.    But that option's not limited to liberals.  There's no better example of desperate self-righteousness than Rev. Flip Benham, of the pro-life group   Operation Save America .  Rev. Flip rolled into Charlotte last month with a car plastered with photos of aborted fetuses.  His groupies picketed mosques, liberal churches that have welcomed homosexuals and even conservative churches that aren't, in Rev. Flip's opinion, pulling their weight.    It's understandable.  Both pro-lifers and peaceniks are on a long losing streak.  Insulting or grossing out a public that's turned a blind eye to your concerns may make one feel better, but what do you want?  To feel better or get something done?  If you opt for the latter, then, says Moyer, activists have to involve mainstream citizens and institutions in solving the problem.  Then the movement takes off again as its values are "injected" into the larger body politic.  Finally, success!  But if and only if change/success is really the goal, and not self-righteousness.  If and only if you're willing to sit down with people who watch Judge Judy, listen to their concerns, and try to involve them, to any extent possible, in crafting a solution.  If you were against the war, what now?  If you need a howling at the moon fix, there's always   Doonesbury .  Grim satisfaction about a chaotic Iraq is not an option, since that requires people dying, and if you're a peace activist, you ought to be against that.    Now then, roll up your sleeves and get to work.  Read up on international affairs.  Read up on the history of nonviolent social change.  Read the Bible.  Pray.