It was agreed--after church Laura and I would finish pulling weeds in the back yard, get showers, eat, put the kids down and watch a movie.  But as we were standing in the kitchen grating cheese and peeling cucumbers an anachronistic question entered my mind:  Is it a good idea to rent a movie tonight?  It's Sunday, the Christian sabbath.  Does anybody wonder how to properly observe the sabbath day anymore?  In the "good ol' days" nobody had to wonder.  The state saw to it that you didn't engage in any prohibited behavior.  Today nobody wonders because Sunday is just another day, a day for soccer matches in the morning, followed by a trip to the mall or the golf course in the afternoon.  In the autumn, it's the NFL.  And yet "Keep the sabbath holy" remains one of the ten commandments, whether the state enforces it or not.  Reformed Christians believe that while obeying the law doesn't save us, it's an excellent guide for how to express gratitude to God for saving us.  If Sunday is just another day, are we not ingrates?  When I was a kid, Sunday was a day for church and family.  We'd go to Sunday School and morning worship, come home for lunch (I remember pork chops being served with some frequency on Sundays), and entertain relatives.  Uncle Rupert and Aunt Gert would pick up Aunt Mae and come calling, but always leave in time for Uncle Rupert to get home to watch 60 Minutes.  We didn't do yard work on Sundays.  For Dad, "You shalt not do any work" ruled out picking up a rake or grasping a lawn mower string.  That's not a bad way to spend a day.  God, family, and rest from physial labor.    Today, my Sundays are a bit different.  To begin with, Sunday is a work day for me--the hardest of the week, deaths and funerals notwithstanding.  I get paid to lead worship.  So how does someone like me keep a holy sabbath?  In Exodus, the rationale for the sabbath is theological--to glorify the God who created the world in six days and rested on the seventh.  In Deuteronomy the sabbath rationale is humanitarian--everyone needs rest from labor, even your slave, even your donkey.    So my solution is to spread different aspects of sabbath observance around the weekend.  Sunday is for worship, for glorifying God.  At times I am able to quit worrying about my sermon enough to actually sing a hymn for God.  Friday is my day off.  I do my best to stay away from the office every Friday.  If something comes up, a death for instance, I'm not legalistic.  I do the work, and try to take some time for myself elsewhere.  I don't feel guilty about pulling weeds on Sunday.  It's manual labor, but not work in the sense of it being my livelihood.  My Dad grew up on a farm, and I imagine that he and everybody in his family and community so looked forward to a day of not walking behind a mule that he would never give that up, not even to walk behind a mower in his later years.    And what about that DVD rental?  We borrowed a couple from our neighbor.  If I want people to come to church, then why shuold I make it profitable for businesses to be open on Sunday?  If nobody shopped on Sunday, then nobody would be kept from worship by having to work.  They still might not come, but at least it wouldn't be my fault.  A post script:  my treatment of the fourth commandment has been much too individualistic.  Remember the sabbath's humanitarian rationale.  Every Israelite got a day off of work because in Egypt nobody got a day off, and God isn't going to engineer an exodus only for the chosen people to go to Canaan and re-create Egypt there.  No.  Israel is called to do justice and righteousness.  No slavery.  No oppression.  No overworked, underpaid, taken-for-granted work force.  Perhaps re-discovering the meaning of the sabbath for modern times has less to do with bringing back the blue laws, and more to do with paying people a living wage, so that they don't have to work three jobs to put food on the table.  Perhaps it means re-examining our trade policies which have exported American goods, and jobs overseas.