Is an "amicable divorce" in the future for the Presbyterian Church?  One conservative Presbyterian hopes so.  Robert Howard, a past President of the   Presbyerian Lay Committee , claims that liberals and conservatives have irreconcilable differences over Christology, the authority of scripture, and human sexuality.  Howard has proposed a process he calls "Gracious Separation" which would lead to the dissolution of the present denomination--liberals and conservatives going their own ways.  Congregations would vote on which new denomination to join.  The current denomination's assets would be divided based on the intent of the donor, or lacking clear intent, a percentage based on the respective numbers of the new denominations.  The Lay Committee has declined to endorse Howard's proposal, though they gave it a lot of coverage in the new  Presbyterian Layman .  Its doubtful that "Gracious Separation" has a chance without the overt backing of the leading conservative groups, the Lay Committee or Presbyterians for Renewal.  One could easily question the timing of the proposal.  The Presbyerian Church, unlike the Episcopal Church, has amended its constitution to bar the ordination of non-celibate homosexuals.  Several attempts to repeal the ban have failed.  The presbyteries are enforcing the conservative policy, if with great reluctance.  Just a couple of months ago Cincinnati Presbytery defrocked a pastor who performed same-sex marriage ceremonies after repeated warnings to cease and desist.  Isn't Howard snatching defeat from the jaws of victory by suing for divorce now?    Or does Howard look at the Episcopalians and the Supreme Court's ruling against the Texas sodomy law, and see the handwriting on the wall?  In that case, perhaps Howard thinks it's prudent for conservatives to get out while the getting's good.  The news that we are at irreconcilable differences was indeed news to me.  When I look out at my congregation on Sunday morning I see people who would be happy with a gay or lesbian elder on the session, and people who would be appalled by such a development.  They seem to worship and work well together at present.    A couple of years ago, as our presbytery prepared to debate homosexuailty yet again, I led our session in an exercise.  Those who supported the ban had to stand one corner; those who were opposed to the ban had to stand in the other corner, and the undecided ones had to stand in between.  I had planned to have each side argue the other side's point of view, but that ingenious plan went up in smoke when nearly everybody congregated in the middle.  So it is with most of the denomination, I suspect.  Most people are uncomfortable with homosexuailty to some extent, but are also uncomfortable with being judgmental.  The far left and the far right are at loggerheads, but most Presbyterians muddle along down the center of the highway, reeling in the left when it overreaches, and rebuking the right when they get hysterical.    That's why there'd be nothing gracious about a separation in the Presbyterian Church.  Most Presbyterians, being in the middle, would deeply resent being forced to choose one way or the other.  I know I would.    Where would I belong, with the hypocritics on the right who insist on a literal interpretation of the Bible when it comes to sex, but not to economics or war?  Or how about with the loosy-goosy leftists who throw out the baby with the bathwater with their high regard for sodomy and low regard for the doctrine of the Trinity?    Sigh.  A plague on both their houses.  I'll muddle along in the middle.