It's been hard preaching a sermon series on the Apostles' Creed.   I prefer to follow the lectionary.  It hands me a passage of scripture.  I poke around inside it for what is surprising, disturbing, elating, etc.  If my insights call to mind a theological doctrine, then I let that doctrine be the framework for my exploration of the text.  With a series on the Creed, I'm having to work backwards. I have to ask, "What is this line in the Creed affirming?" and look for a scripture that proves it or illustrates it.  But most surprising to me is that I sound a lot more conservative when I'm preaching on the Creed.  Thus far I've stressed the saving power of faith in Christ, the uniqueness of Jesus, his sacrifice on the cross which satisfies the wrath of God, and the doctrine of the Virgin Birth.  This Sunday I will defend the reliability of his bodily resurrection.  When "He shall come again to judge the quick and the dead" coincides with World Communion Sunday, I will stress the need for self-examination before eating the Holy Supper.  Still to come:  sermons on the second coming and on the necessity of the church in our age of privatized religion.  (While I sound a lot more conservative to myself, I don't know what I sound like to the congregation.  With a few exceptions, I continue to get the same non-commital "Good sermon" comments on the way out the door that I did before I began the series.)  When one follows the lectionary, it's easy to fall into a ravine of liberal do-goodism, especially if you preach constantly on the gospels.  Matthew, Mark and Luke serve up a healing, followed by an exorcism, followed by a sermon, and more of the same.  When one dines exclusively on the gospels, it's so easy to regurgitate a vision of the faith that is, ironically, little more than works-righteousness.  The questions, "Where did we come from?  Where are we going?  What's so special about Jesus, anyway?"  never get asked, let alone answered.  An analogy--tourists are typically one of two types:  There are those who never go anywhere unless they're booked on a tour with a guide and a pre-set itinerary.  Then there are those who don't schedule anything, and prefer to snoop around on their own.    You can see the benefits to each approach.  After you've seen the Statue of Liberty, the Empire State Building and  Cats , why not take in an off-Broadway play, or discover a lesser known New York City landmark on your own?  On the other hand, can anyone imagine visiting New York and never taking in the Statue of Liberty?  My theology professor encouraged us to think of the creeds as signposts that point out significant concepts in scripture.  After wandering the streets of the Old and New Testament myself for quite a while, I've seen a lot that I never saw before, certainly not in Sunday School.  But my series on the Creed has called my attention back to the old monuments.  Just like you never get tired of looking at the Statue of Liberty, it's always refreshing to hear about the forgiveness of sins and life everlasting.