 Paul Krugman , Princeton economist and   New York Times columnist , has made plenty of people mad by calling the President a liar.  How thin-skinned can you get?  The folks who can't believe that anyone would accuse our Commander in Chief of being veraciously-challenged are the same people who happily passed along unsubstantiated, fanciful rumors that President Clinton was a rapist and his wife a murderer.  But I digress.  What whoppers has the President told?  you're wondering.  Krugman writes that just about everything this administration says about its economic policies is deceitful.  To know what the Bushites are up to, one has to listen to their ideological mentors in right-wing think tanks like the Heritage Foundation.    The conservative policy wonks hate the modern welfare state.  They resent Social Security, loathe Medicare, and fume about Medicaid.  But they know that these programs are enormously popular.  So they propose that Republicans kill these programs by starving them of the revenue that they need to operate.  Sooner or later declining federal tax receipts brought about by steep tax cuts will collide head-on with enormous bills owed to retirees.  Conservatives are betting that the financial crisis of the future won't result in rioting or in the devaluation of the U.S. dollar, but in a roll back and eventual repeal of the flagship programs of the New Deal.  They say that all quite openly.    President Bush's tax policy is a giant leap forward in this game of economic and fiscal brinksmanship.  But the President does not talk the game that the staffers at Heritage who wrote his tax cut bills talk.  He ran on "saving" Social Security, not demolishing it.  His underlings call his plan "tax relief for working families," even though 45% of the tax cut goes to the top 1% of income earners.  They call it a "jobs and growth" plan when it has nothing to do with jobs or growth, and has everything to do with making the tax code as regressive as possible.  They say that the deficits are a temporary phenomenon, when in fact there is no plan to reduce deficits.  Red ink is part of a strategic plan to drown Medicare and Social Security.  The L word is not too strong to use when evaluating the Bush administration's economic plans.  Krugman is receiving a prophet's reward for calling the White House on it when their rhetoric doesn't square with their policies.  You may be a cynic.  You may think, "They're all liars.  All politicians lie."  I'm right there with you, Brother.  But let's compare lies.  Bill Clinton lied about the nature of a consentual relationship with a woman, in a deposition in a civil lawsuit that was eventually thrown out of court because it was so obviously bogus and politically motivated.  For that lie he was impeached, he was found in contempt of court and fined, and he surrended his license to practice law.  George W. Bush lies about substantive matters.  His lies get people killed (Iraq.)  His lies will return U.S. society to where it was in the Hoover administration, without the informed consent of the governed.  And the press still goes on about how in this post-9/11 age we need someone with the moral clarity of Bush to lead us in this crusade against evil.  Give me a break.