What a concidence!   Hurricane Isabel is baring its teeth in the Atlantic, and I'm perusing a new book on "natural theology" (what we an learn about the Creator from observing the creation.)  It's called  The   Savage Side:  Reclaiming Violent Models of God , by B. Jill Carroll, a professor of religious studies at Rice.  Polemical doesn't begin to describe what I'm reading.  Carroll notes that most modern "political theologies" (theologies whose central thrust is the liberation of oppressed peoples) lean toward an immanent view of God.  The world is God's home, says Sallie McFague, feminist and environmental theologian.  Feminist and liberation theologians distrust transcendent models of God because a God who is hierarchically related to the world justifies hierarchical relationships between humans.  McFague's God is not the same as nature, but dwells in it--a peaceful deity calling human beings into new, non-exploitative relationships with the world.  Carroll uses the nature writings of Annie Dillard ( Pilgram at Tinker Creek ,  Holy The Firm , etc.) and the categories of Jewish philosopher Emmanuel Levinas to expose how naive McFague is.  Carroll argues that much of our experience of nature is harsh and amoral, viruses chewing away at us, hurricanes taking aim at us relentlessly, animals eating their young, etc.  (You wouldn't believe how hateful bugs can be!)  Any attempt to enlist the God we meet in nature in our petty political causes only works if one turns a blind eye to the hard facts of our creaturely existence.  Carroll sites one passage in  Pilgram  in which Dillard says that if the the force behind the evolutionary process were a CEO of Southern Railroad, this is how he would run his business:    Say the railroad needed three new locomotives.  Instead of building three train engines, this CEO would build a thousand, highly complicated engines, and then release them on the same stretch of track without any operators.  They crash, burn, derail.  Only three are left, and the demand is supplied.    If this God's "eye is on the sparrow," it may be for no other reason than to watch it get devoured by a hawk.  So why might the east coast of the U.S. be devestated by a category 5 hurricane?  A secularist would say, "It was in the way of random, atmospheric events."  A Calvinist might say, "Although God's ways are hidden to us, we can trust that God did not allow this for any reason except that which will eventually bring a blessing on us."  Dillard and Carroll might say, "Because God likes slamming things together as much as kids like kicking over ant hills."  Well, I can't tell you how much this makes me want to run out and praise the Lord tomorrow morning!  Though I find it disturbing, I am enjoying reading Carroll's book.  Hers' is an unsentimental God whose not at the beck and call of anyone, even his human subjects.  If there's anything I can't stand, it's sentimentality, especially on the political left (you're always hardest on your closest friends and family).  I'll keep you updated as I finish it, maybe by candlelight if Isabel is a repeat of Hugo.