Was the Iraq War a "just war?"  Note the quotes around "just war."  I'm asking if the Iraq War met the criteria for waging war that Christian theologians have developed over the centuries, the so-called Just War Theory.  I'm not asking if the Iraq War was technically legal under US or international law, politically shrewd, or defensible on the basis of a cost-benefits analysis.  Just War Theory states that Christians are permitted to wage war if the following critreia are met: 1.  War is the last resort. 2.  War is declared by a legitimate authority. 3.  The war is for a just cause, not for plunder. 4.  There must be a reasonable hope of success. 5.  The war must disciminate between combatants and non-combatants. 6.  The warring party must use the minimum amount of lethal force necessary to win (proportionality).  The first four criteria are the  jus ad bellum  criteria, the criteria for entering the war.  The last two criteria,  jus in bello , govern one's conduct during the war.  Since the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime, most debate has focused on the  jus ad bellum  criteria.  Has the failure to find weapons of mass destruction undermined the rationale for going to war?    But a couple of recent articles I've come across focus our attention on the  jus in bello  criteria.  Was the war waged in a just manner?  The Associated Press just released its investigation of civilian casualties in the Iraq War.  A survey of 60 of Iraq's 124 hospitals confirmed that 3,240 non-combatants died between March 20 and April 20.  More than that certainly perished.  We don't know how many.  Some died in the hospitals that the AP reporters didn't visit.  Others died and were buried without being processed at a medical center.    It is sobering that in the second installment of our "war on terrorism," the United States military, funded by American taxpayers, killed more innocent civilians than the 19 hijackers did on September 11, 2001.  Jean Bethke Elshtain has argued ( Commonweal , April 25, 2003) that the Just War Theory doesn't demand that states never kill innocent civilians when they wage war, just that they try their best to avoid civilian casualties.  Elshtain writes that the use of precision-guided munitions and the willingness of the military to "embed" 600 journalists in combat units demonstrates the military's commitment to meeting criterion #5 in the above list.  There's a world of difference, Elshtain and many others would argue, between trying to demolish an office building, and a bomb targeted at a tank going astray and demolishing an office building.  I wonder.  At the beginning of the 20th century the military to civilian kill ratio in wars was 9:1.  In a given conflict, nine soldiers died for every civilian who died.  100 years later, the ratio has roughly reversed itself.  In today's wars, on average, nine civilians die for every one soldier.    Robert Higgs  writes, "When US forces employ aerial and artillery bombardment--with huge, high explosive bombs, large rockets and shells, including cluster munitions--as their principle technique in waging war, especially in densely inhabited areas, they know with absolute certainty that many innocent people will be killed.  To proceed with such bombardment, therefore, is to choose to inflict those deaths."  In his book  Nevertheless , John Howard Yoder identifies nearly 20 forms of pacifism.  One form that the pacifist might take is that of the person who would support a war if it met the Just War criteria, but is in practice a pacifist because modern war simply can't be waged in a just manner.  More Christians ought to consider this position, given the New Testament's teaching on suffering love and the destructive nature of modern war.  I suppose that more could have been done to prevent civilian casualties in Iraq.  The military might have decided to dispense with aerial and artillery bombardment altogether and conquered Iraq one soldier at a time.  "Don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes" might be a surer way to avoid civilian casualties than lobbing a cruise missile at a tank parked on a Baghdad cul-de-sac, even if the cruise missile is a "precision-guided weapon."  But fighting a war like that would vastly inflate the US death toll, and that is unacceptable to both the US military and the American people.    Elshtain is wrong.  When it gets down to it, avoiding US military casualties is far more important to everyone involved than preventing the deaths of innocent civilians.  As long as we Americans demand wars without body bags, our military will continue to sweep away the righteous with the wicked (Genesis 18: 23), and the guilt will be on our heads.