Today on The Ivy Bush:  Bach at a Trot .    In this article for Slate , Jan Swafford pans the early music movement.  For the uninitiated, the early music movement tries to perform the music of 18th century composers as it might have been performed 250 years ago.  In general, this means thinner string sections, smaller choirs (quartets, even), and faster tempos.  Let Bach and Handel sound as crisp and lean as they did to their audiences in Leipzig and Dublin.  Don't let modern symphonies puff them up into bloated and ponderous Wagnerian extravaganzas.   They've gone too far, Swafford asserts.  In her opinion, recent performances of early music are too fast and too thin, especially at points where Baroque composers explore serious themes of death, sin, tragedy and betrayal.  Only a slower, richer sound can give voice to the dark side of human existence.  Swafford recalls one performance of the  Mass in B-Minor  in which Christ practically "trotted to Golgotha, pumping his cross."  Ouch!  She names names, John Elliot Gardiner, among others, whose interpretation of  St. Matthew's Passion  comes in for a drubbing.  ( I happen to own that CD.)  Why this blitzkrieg through Baroque music?  Swafford blames the influence of rock-and-roll, and a culture that cannot bear to be serious.  Case in point:  the memorial service in New York following the attack on the World Trade Center.  No mourning, no lamentation, just a whole lot of booty-shakin.  So there's two points:  1.  Baroque music needs a fuller, slower sound than the early music enthusiasts are allowing it to have, and 2.  American music in general reflects a cultural discomfort with negative emotions.  As to the first point, let me offer a naive (some might say ignorant) defense of Gardiner's  St. Matthew's Passion  .  It's the only version I'm well-acquainted with, and listening to it certainly doesn't leave me wanting to "make lemonade out of lemons."  The music drives me to sorrow, pity and dread as it paints a portrait of Christ's death on the cross.    Guilt as well.  I remember Jesus's words from Luke's gospel to the mourners along the way to Golgotha, "Weep not for me, but for yourselves."  It's not only sorrow for the death of Jesus, but sorrow for my own complicity in his death.  That's what Bach, being a good Lutheran theologian, is really trying to do--prick the conscience, deflate the pride in the listener.  But Bach (even as interpreted by Gardiner) doesn't stop there.  Pity for Christ and sorrow for my sins also awaken a bittersweet love for Christ and joy in the midst of his tragic death.  Consider this bass aria, "Mache dich, mein Herze, rein":   Make me clean, my heart, from sin I would my Lord inter. May he find rest in me, Ever in eternity, His sweet repose be here. World, depart; let Jesus in!   Here there is an aching, sensual longing for union with Christ.  Not sexual.  But one cannot hear this music without  desire  being awakened in the heart of the listener for the one who was crucified.  And the Gardiner  Passion  does all this for me.  If I had made my first acquaintance with this work through another composer's interpretation, would I find the Gardiner version lacking?  Perhaps.  Would I be moved to greater sorrow and greater desire for Christ by another composer's take on it?  Maybe.  But in my naivete, the Gardiner  Passion  seems to succeed for me precisely when Swafford says that it ought to fail.  Swafford is more on-target with her general observation that popular music lacks seriousness, and Americans lack the ability to deal with serious emotions.  I see this in the way the living approach funerals.  These days everyone demands a funeral that is "a celebration of life."  Open caskets are out.  Cremation is in.    It's not limited to funerals.  Modern Christians squirm at those old revival hymns that soak the singer in the blood of Jesus.  Psalms of lament have been expunged from the church's "canon within the canon."  Liberals want good moral exhortation from the gospels, and conservatives want good moral exhortation from the pastoral epistles, but nobody wants the sickly, double-crossed psalmist calling down fire from heaven on his oppressors.  Of course Christian worship ought not be maudlin.  But I wonder if calls for "celebrations of life" aren't a denial of death.  The truth is, life is hard.  Nobody is born without the shedding of blood, and the scriptures teach us that being born again means carrying a cross.  God knows we need comfort in this life, and music can do that, but pent up emotions need to be released before we explode.  Some wounds need to be drained.  Music can also do that, express our rage and woe.  If only somebody will sing and play the right music.