I can tell I'm getting older.  No really!  In my twenties, if I wanted to drop five to ten pounds, all I had to do was up my running mileage for four to six weeks.  Presto!  More room around the waistband.  Now that I'm in my thirties it's not so easy.  My father-in-law brought a bunch of old   Runner's World  magazines to our family beach vacation in June.  I devoured them.  Photos of Kenyans with ropy, muscular legs crossing the finish line first.  Helpful articles like, "Ten tips to boost your endurance."  Etc., etc.  Man, I was pumped up after reading one inspirational running story after another!  I've been very good since then--running five days per week.  But my pants are still a wee tight.  Is it getting older or having kids?  After Ethan and Andrew leave the table I finish off their leftovers.  I can't stand seeing good food go to waste!  Perhaps I should start wrapping up their plates instead of cleaning them.  I'm in good company.  Obesity is a national epidemic.  And have you noticed the increased press that's accompanying our increasing waste lines?  Last week, NPR's  Talk of the Nation  devoted a whole episode to the politics of fat.  A New York state assemblyman wants to tax junk food and use the proceeds to fund healthy eating initiatives.  Everyone has a theory about why so many people are overweight.  Larger portions in restaurants.  Saltier, more sugary foods.  (Like an addict that needs more and more of a drug to get a fix, we need food that's more and more shocking to our taste buds in order to like it.)  Too many children playing too many video games.  Even suburban sprawl has been indicted.  Given our zoning laws and the proliferation of roads, one has to drive everywhere.  If only our communities were laid out more like Europe, where a little drug store and grocer are a brisk walk from home, then we'd get more daily exercise.  I have my own theory.  I think that two parents working means that there's no time for anyone to cook a decent, healthy meal at home.  So Mom or Dad runs by McDonald's on the way home from work, and the family plops down in front of the TV set and gobbles up their Quarter Pounder.  Then homework, bath and bed, and another 1/4 pound added to that pauch underneath your rib cage.    Could it be that all these factors are at work?  If so, that's a disturbing finding.  In short, being an average American is hazardous to your health.  If husband and wife working 80 hours per week combined in order to afford a Sega, TVs for every bedroom, and a house on an isolated cul-de-sac with no sidewalks (and no place to go on them even if they were there) results in colon cancer, heart disease or stroke, then just what's so good about this so-called good life?