Too bad that Mel Gibson's  The Passion  isn't on the big screen yet.  In my sermon series on the Apostles' Creed, I'm slogging through the "crucified, dead and buried; he descended into hell" clauses, and I sure could use a sermon illustration or two!  The movie's already earned a bad reputation.  Some charge that the movie is anti-semitic because it blames the Jews for Jesus's death.  Good Friday was the favorite day for pogroms in medieval Europe.  Christian preaching has all too often equated the Jewish religious leadership that handed Jesus over to the Roman authorities with all Jews everywhere.  One can understand that Jews and Gentiles who are sensitive to past wrongs might view  The Passion  with their anti-semitic radar turned up high.  Still, how could one make a film about the end of Jesus's life as recorded in the gospels that didn't render some Jews complicit in his crucifixion?  Imagine trying to make a movie about the end of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s life that didn't point a finger of blame at any white people.  I haven't seen the movie.  But I wonder if people aren't over-sensitive, and I wonder if there's a political agenda behind the hyper-sensitivity.  Since the second intifada began three years ago, any criticism of Israel has been equated with blessing suicide bombings.  So if you believe that it's wrong that the Israeli government bulldozes entire blocks of Palestinian homes just because one home in the neighborhood harbored a militant, then you're an anti-semite.  If you think that the daily humiliations that the Israeli army visits upon Palestinians at military checkpoints (such as denying people safe passage to hospitals for dialysis treatment or to give birth), then you're a stooge of Hamas.  And if you make a movie that besmirches the reputation of a long dead Jewish High Priest, then you probably support driving all the Jews into the sea.  All this is speculation.  I haven't seen  The Passion , and I'm not sure anybody's seen the final version.    But from what I've seen of Israeli policies in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, there's plenty of room for criticism.  And criticizing the Israeli government is not anti-semitic.  If that were the case, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Micah and Amos would be the world's greatest anti-semites.