Happy Halloween!   Laura has taken the kids trick-or-treating, leaving me home, in my post-wisdom teeth stupor, to hand out candy.  Speaking of wisdom teeth, I had to go back to the doctor this morning.  The hygenist stuffed some medicated gauze into my sockets.  The pain's gone, but there's a revolting taste in the back om my mouth.  Now you know.  Our friend Susan Knapp wrote an op-ed piece for  The Mooresville Tribune  complaining that the fundamentalists have ruined Halloween.  Time was, Halloween was an opportunity for neighborhoods to come together.  But now everybody goes off to their church's "fall festival," safe from occult influences and terrorists who might be handing out smallpox infested candy.  I agree with Susan that Halloween is about dressing up and sugar, not about Satanism.  There's enough real Satanism in the world (adultery, domestic violence, embezzlement, materialism) to obviate looking for it in my two kids dressed up like construction workers and begging for candy.   And Happy Reformation Day!   It was on this date in 1517 that Martin Luther posted his 95 theses on the Wittenburg, Germany church door.  Seeing the movie  Luther  would be an even better was to celebrate October 31 than trick-or-treating or attending some church's fall festival.      I've already commented  on the fine performances by Peter Ustinov and Joseph Fiennes in  Luther .  But I do have a quibble with a couple of points that the movie makes.  In the moviw we see back-to-back sermons by Luther and the indulgence salesman, Johann Tetzel.  Luther admits that he used to be afraid of God, but faith in Jesus Christ (faith alone in him), assuaged his guilty conscience.  Tetzel lights a fire in a city square and sticks his hand in it long enough to sear the skin, reminding everyone of what's in store for them unless they purchase an indulgence from the church.  It's not as though Lutheranism is a religion of love, and Catholicism is a religion of fear.  Luther himself believed in hell, and (sadly) thought that it was full of Jews and Turks.    For Luther, the question was, "How can I find a gracious God?"  The late medieval church told him, "Do your best, and God will make up the difference."  One could access God's grace that "makes the difference" through the ministrations of the church:  confession, pennance, communion, the purchase of indulgences, etc.  For an earnest monk like Luther, this answer proved unsatisfactory.  How could you ever know when you had done your best?  As Luther "advanced" in Christianity, he didn't get closer to God, he just became more and more convinced of the depth of his sin.  He wound up hating God for demanding the impossible of him.    Then he read Romans:  The just shall live by faith.  Grace is not for those who do their best and fall short; it is GRACE; it is a sheer gift from a gracious God to those who can't fall any further.  We need Luther's insight more than ever.  I think I saw somewhere that most American Christians (wrongly) believe that the saying "God helps those who help themselves" is in the Bible.  The understanding of grace in that aphorism is exactly what Luther was trying to overthrow when he posted his theses on the Wittenburg door.    It may be that Luther's theology is best preserved not in churches (even Lutheran ones) but in 12 step programs.  You don't become a member of AA by trying to stop drinking and asking for God's help.  You become a member of AA by confessing that you can't stop drinking because you're a slave to the demonic power of alcoholism.     Mutatis mutandis , sin and grace.  The path to salvation doesn't begin by trying to be good and trusting God to bridge that last gap between us and him.  It begins when we admit that it's going to take a miracle for people like us to be saved, and trusting that God in Christ has performed just such a miracle.