The groggy blogger:   I had my two lower wisdom teeth pulled yesterday.  How'm I doing?  Not bad.  When I take the pain pills I can open my mouth enough to eat.  The down side is that I'm having a hard time staying awake.  So I will write until my head hits the keyboard.  If it lands just so, maybe this entry will be published rather than deleted.   I'll say it again.    There is no curse, there is no curse, there is no curse.   There are teams that wilt under pressure (Boston in Game 7), and teams that don't (Florida in Game 4).  There are managers who know their pitchers better than they know themselves (Josh Beckett getting the call in Game 6), and managers who don't (leaving Pedro in in Game 7).  Much more comforting to curse the gods than to look at yourself in the mirror.   If you're thinking about voting for a newcomer  in the City Council election, Mark Lewis is worthy of your consideration.  Lewis has served for a long time on the planning board, and he attends every City Council meeting.  He's already in the know.  Lewis thinks it's urgent that the new Council fully implement the Vision 2020 plan, lest Salisbury become a just another smog-ridden, traffic-congested tumor spun off from a metastasizing Charlotte.  The other challengers scorn the present Council's interest in beautification and buying abandoned properties for re-development.  They fail to understand that a good city is more than ultra-low tax rates.  Sign ordinances, tree planting programs, new parks, historic preservation, and wise planning and zoning are key to making Salisbury a great place to live, not just a cheap place to live.  The Vision 2020 plan is an aesthetic as well as materialistic vision for Salisbury's future.  Lewis, and the present members of the City Council who crafted the plan, are to be commended for thinking holistically.  Too bad we can't add Lewis to the five who are already serving.   John Edwards is getting glowing reviews  from the press, if not the polls.    Slate's William Saletan writes  that if Edwards isn't the Democratic nominee, then whoever is ought to steal his message.  Edwards argues against the Bush tax cuts on moral grounds.  By shifting the tax burden away from investments and inheritances and toward ordinary income and dividends, Bush has declared a war against work.    That message may resonate with blue collar, rural voters.  Normally, these folks vote Republican because pro-choice, pro-gun control Democrats appear at odds with their values.  But hard work is also a virtue with folks in flyover land.  If Edwards can make the case that Bush doesn't share their values on a basic issue as the worth of hard work, then that spells trouble for the President's re-election hopes.  Saletan makes similar points in   this article  he wrote last summer for Slate.  And the witty conservative pundit   David Brooks concedes  that Edwards, who never misses a chance to tell you that his daddy worked in a mill and he made his money defending ordinary people against rapacious corporations, doesn't come off as an elitist, the way so many liberals do.  Elitism, says Brooks, was what doomed Al Gore in 2000.  Remember his condescending sighs during that debate with Bush?  I'm inclined to support Edwards in the Democratic race, and not just because he's from North Carolina, and a graduate of N.C. State.  Howard Dean is fun to listen to, but his constituency--birkenstock wearing, Ben and Jerry's eating, Volvo driving, Berkeley-eduated Vermonsters--is as high on the elite scale as you can get.  Sharpton, Kucinich, and Moseley-Braun aren't serious.  Lieberman may as well be a Republican.  Everybody likes Wes Clark, except all the people he worked with at the Pentegon, and that worries me.    That leaves Kerry and Gephardt.  But Gephardt wants to repeal all the Bush tax cuts, even the more progressive cuts like the new child tax credit.  And his health care plan, to the extent that it relies on mandates for big corporations, probably won't be worth the huge cost.  I can't tell much difference between Kerry and Edwards, except that Kerry has a military record, but Kerry is a Boston Brahmin if there ever was one, and that brings us back to the elitism factor.  So it's Edwards for me.