Random Wednesday:  The  Luther  reviews are in.    Roger Ebert complains  that the Reformation leader "seems weak, neurotic, filled with self-doubt, unwilling to embrace the implications of his protest... an apologetic outsider with low self-esteem."    Sorry Roger, but that's the real Martin Luther.  The movie is pretty true to life when it shows a frightened Luther almost muttering incomprehensible replies to the prosecutor at Worms, and raging in his cell in the middle of night.  Raging against who?  God?  The devil?  His own conscience?  It's hard to tell, but the real Luther was so convinced of a real, personal Devil that he saw him from time to time and even threw ink wells at him.  If Roger Ebert wants to watch a movie about a cocksure religious leader, he'll have to wait for Mel Gibson to make a movie about the pre-Vatican II popes.   Repeat after me:    There is no curse.  There is no curse.  There is no curse.   There are just shortstops who boot double play grounders, and managers who don't know when to go to the bullpen.    Scott Fowler is so right.   Whoda thunk that the November 23 game between the Cowboys and the Panthers would be a showdown with all sorts of playoff implications?  This is why the NFL is so much better than Major League Baseball.  Is anybody astonished that the Yankees are up 2-1 in the World Series?  Is anybody surprised that the Chiefs and the Vikings are the only undefeated teams in the NFL?  I'm so glad we're beyond last week, and I can go back to hating baseball.   More sports silliness:   I'm in Raleigh grading ordination exams (someday I'm going to explain to you what that is), and I see Roy Williams on Channel 5 whining about how much he misses KU, and an ECU fan calls in on 850 the Buzz to say that N.C. State fans ought to be crying about the ACC letting in another football power in Boston College.  Roy's homesickness is not really my problem, but man, if I were a Carolina fan, I'd have put my Tar covered heel through the TV screen watching that junk.  And ECU fans?  ECU had to play a service academy to get its first win of the season.  They ought to be on talk radio probation until they beat somebody.  Much better to live in the Charlotte media market.  Even Clemson fans aren't as ridiculous as that.  Oh, wait.  I was supposed to have given up on sports.  Think I will again.  And this time I mean it!