How does one think theologically about   the tragic murder of Tracey Helms?   Helms invited a co-worker, Holly Wright Blout, to live at her home after she left her abusive husband, Michael William Blount.  Helms and Blount returned to Helms' home at 2:00 AM after their shift was over to find Michael Blount waiting for them in the driveway.  When Helms ran for the door, Mr. Blount bludgeoned her to death with a shovel, kidnapped his wife and released her later.  Mr. Blount is now in jail.  Tracey Helms leaves behind a husband and two small children.  They were asleep in their home, unaware that their wife/mother was being murdered in their front yard.  When I saw the Helms family picture in this morning's paper, I was angry--at God.  Our clerk of session, who also serves on the board of directors of our local domestic violence agency, reminded us that this past Sunday was domestic violence awareness Sunday.  He invited the congregation to attend a candlelight vigil for victims of domestic violence on Monday evening.  During the prayers of the people, I prayed for shelter and safety for victims of abuse and repentance and new life for the perpetrators.  And then God allowed this to happen?  Where was God in that early morning?  Was anybody listening when we prayed for people like the Helms family and the Blount family?  I didn't want to read the article.  I knew that it would be filled with tear-jerking anecdotes about the deceased, but I forced myself, and I was glad I did.  Tracey's husband commented that the death of his wife had given Mrs. Blount a new lease on life.  I remembered Jesus' words, "No one has greater love than this, to lay down one's life for one's friends."  Is that where God was--incarnate in the friendship one woman extended to another in need?  A candidate for ordination preached the sermon at today's meeting of Salem Presbytery.  Her text was Genesis 1.  She remarked that the statement "and God said" turns up ten times in the creation story.  From there she moved into the topic of--domestic violence.  The preacher contrasted the good things that come into being from God's word with the damage that results from our hurtful words and deeds.    We took communion.  Intinction was the method.  I dipped my chunk of bread into the wine with my left hand, and held my right hand underneath it.  Grape juice stains are hard to clean, and I didn't want to drip anywhere.  Some juice would up in my right palm.  I thought about Tracey Helms.  I remembered that Jesus too died a violent death.  Looking at the juice in my palm I reflected on his call to take up a cross and follow him.  I pondered the fact that what happened to Jesus and Tracey Helms can potentially happen to anyone who confesses faith in Jesus.  Am I trying to make sense of a senseless act of violence?  I don't know what motivated Tracey Helms.  Was she a Christian?  Was she a good humanitarian?  Was she just naive?    I wonder why, with all the suffering in the world, that God decided to save the world through yet more suffering--God's only son nailed to a cross.  Why doesn't God (if God is God) just wave a magic wand and make it all go away?  Paul was right.  The word of the cross was a scandal to Jews and foolishness to Gentiles.  I find myself scandalized by the notion that Tracey Helms had to lose her life in order that Holly Blount could have hers saved.  Some good has come from this.  The Union County domestic violence agency is re-doubling its efforts to advertize the presence of a battered women's shelter in that community.  Still, I am scandalized that it had to come to this to make us more aware of domestic violence in this "Domestic Violence Awareness Month."  "A scandal to Jews and foolishness to Gentiles, but to us who are the called--Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God."  Going back to where I started, to the question, "How does one think theologically about the murder of Tracey Helms?"  I find myself as nonplused as a Greek listening to one of Paul's sermons.  It makes no sense.  But if I were in danger, I'd want a friend like Tracey Helms, and if a friend of mine were in danger, I'd want to be the kind of friend that Tracey Helms was to Holly Blount.  I trust that the Word and Sacrament I shared in today can do that.  Maybe where understanding falters, the sacrificial love of God poured into our hearts can take over.