I got back from grading ordination exams to find my beloved Presbyterian Church (USA)   torched on the opinion page of The Charlotte Observer .  Rabbi James Rudin has taken Presbyterians to task for pouring over 300K into a new church development in Philadelphia whose target audience are Jews.  I wondered if this could be true; maybe he'd mistaken the PC(USA) for the more evangelical Presbyterian Church in America, but the Rabbi is right.  You can read a news story about it   right here.   The pastor is a Jewish convert to Christianity who has longed dreamed of establishing a Messianic Jewish congregation.  The church observes both Jewish and Christian holidays.  The architecture leans Jewish.  Menorahs are more prominently displayed than baptismal fonts.  Rudin charges that the new congregation is a wolf in sheep's clothing.  The pastor of the church and presbytery officials insist that they are translating the Christian gospel into the culture of the people who they are trying to reach.  So we have contemporary worship for unchurched suburbanites and Torah scrolls for Philly's secular Jews.  More importantly, Rudin argues that the new church development is at odds with the Presbyterian Church's official position on Jewish-Christian relations.  He cites a paper adopted by the 1987 General Assembly which affirmed that both Jews and Christians are called to be a light to the nations; both Jews and Christians are in a covenant relationship with God, and that the idea of supercessionism--that the Church has replaced Israel as God's chosen people--ought to be rejected.  What do I think about this?  Well, I do believe that Jesus is the Messiah of the Jews, and when I was ordained I took a vow affirming that Jesus is "Lord of all."  I assume all means both those who acknowledge his Lordship, and those (like non-Messianic Jews) who don't.  Our Brief Statement of faith affirms that the Holy Spirit empowers us to "witness to all peoples to Christ as Lord and Savior."  Again, all means all.  So I think that this new church development is a great idea?  Not so fast.  Christians cannot think about our relationship with Jews and Judaism in a doctrinal vacuum.  There's an ugly history of Christian anti-Semitism that has to be reckoned with.  For about 1,500 years Jews living in Christendom have been subject to discrimination, forced conversions and genocide.  In fact, until the creation of the state of Israel in 1947, Jews living in the Islamic world probably lived quieter, safer lives than did Jews in the allegedly civilized west.  Jews remember this history, even if Christians would rather ignore it or gloss over it.  Jews cannot help but view evangelistic outreaches toward them in light of this nasty past, and its a pretty recent past, all things considered.  I think that listening earns you the right to talk.  Perhaps if Christian preachers are able to go the next 1,500 years without inciting their congregations to violence against Jews, and if Christian businessmen are able to go the next 1,500 years without discriminating against Jews in the workplace, and all Christians spent the next 1,500 years listening to the testimonies of Jews about the God whom they serve, THEN we can talk to them about who Jesus is for us.    In the meantime there are a ton of unchurched gentiles in Philadelphia, and even more in the rest of the world.  Let the Presbyterian Church (USA) plow its dollars and cents into reaching them.  After all, the apostle Paul says that God has ordained that the Jews not accept Christ as Lord and Savior for the express purpose of facilitating a mission to the gentiles (Romans 11: 28-29).  Let's make the most of God's plan.