The worship wars have come to Salisbury--literally.  Today's Post included an article titled "Crossroads Community Church invades Salisbury" about a new congregation in town.  Crossroads is keeping it real with blue jeans, guitars, "futuristic" 3x5 info cards, Power Point, and great visual effects.  One Sunday, at a key point in the sermon, some guy covered in red food coloring, hanging on a cross, and wearing something that looked suspiciously like a pair of Depends, was unveiled to the congregation.  If you're tired of irrelevant churches, then Crossroads is for you.    Or is it?  Despite the Crossroads people's repeated insistence that they are all about being "authentic Christians," the article presents a much clearer vision of the congregation's style than their substance.  There's not one word about how these people build strong marriages, serve the poor, observe an "authentic" sabbath or promote social righteousness.  Crossroads' preocupation with music genre and clothing fashions is every bit as shallow as the traditionalist who insists everyone wear ties or hose to worship and sing hymns with Bach harmonizations.  Besides, it isn't all that "contemporary."  In the photo that ran with the article, the song on the Power Point display was the 19th century "Amazing Love."  Are unchurched people really so prissy that they'll sing a hymn on a screen but not out of a hymnbook?  And as for the guy hanging on the cross--worshippers have been viewing images of the crucified Christ since the High Middle Ages.  Dude, you're so  Medieval !  Shoot, in the Philippines on Good Friday, some flagellating Catholics actually have themselves nailed to crosses for a short time, for penance.  If you want to keep it real, next time use real nails.  A church that strives for cultural relevance alone needs to count the cost.  Pop culture discards the new for the very new with Darwinian ruthlessness.  The guitar-heavy worship at Crossroads is probably already passe.  Last week, every single on Bilboard's Top Ten List was by a black musician, something that's never happened.  I say, ditch the guitars, move in some turntables, and hire a "liturgist" with that Eminem gift for gab.  Two verses of scripture have helped form my own theology of worship.  One is Matthew 13: 52, "Every scribe trained for the kingdom of heaven is like the master of a household who brings out of his treasure what is old and what is new," and the other is 1 Thessalonians 5: 19, "Do not quench the Spirit."    One, newcomers to the faith ought to be made to learn the classic music that has glorified God and built up the saints who've gone before us.  You don't do any unchurched people a favor by hiding "A Mighty Fortress" or Handel's "Messiah" from them.  And the old timers ought to be made to learn good new worship music.  It cannot be that case that Christian music turned to ashes after you graduated from Sunday School.  And two, the worship style ought to emerge from the gifts of everyone in the congregation.  So if you have a drummer in your congregation (as my congregation does), you ought to work in "contemporary" and other music that can make use of a drum set.  If you have a few teenagers who are in marching band and orchestra (as my congregation does), they ought to be given a chance to use their gifts in worship, even if they attend a "contemporary" church which has to bend a bit to accomodate a clarinet and a trumpet.  Authenticity is all about loving in truth and action, not word and speech (1 John 3: 18).  You show me a church where people put love into action, and I'll show you a relevant church, no matter what they're wearing or what they're singing.