The Passion, Part Four :  Peter Boyer has written a long, thoughtful review of Mel Gibson's  The Passion , and the furor surrounding the movie, in the September 15  New Yorker .  According to Boyer, a working group of Catholic and Jewish scholars got wind of Gibson's project, and offered their services as consultants.  Gibson refused.  Then a screenplay turned up on the doorstep of one of the scholars, in an unmarked manilla envelope.  He shared the screenplay with his colleagues, and most were aghast at what they read.  Some went public with their concerns, which drew an angry rebuke from Gibson who (correctly) pointed out that they were in possession of stolen property.  With the movie drawing such negative scrutiny, Gibson's associates realized that the movie would succeed only if commited Christians turned out in droves to see it.  So over the summer they've screened the movie for a select few religious leaders:  Robert Schuler and his entourage, a group of Jesuit priests, conservative cultural critic Michael Medved, a gathering of the Knights of Columbus.  All loudly endorsed the movie and condemned the critics.    These private viewings also increased the buzz surrounding the movie in Hollywood.  Stars hate not being in on something.    So the result is that a movie that's not even scheduled for release until next spring is the most talked about event in town.  Not bad, Mel!  Is the movie anti-Semitic?  Boyer concludes that the movie is literal portrayal of the death of Jesus as recorded in the gospels, uninformed by modern scholarship.  It befits Gibson's traditionalist Catholicism.  It is certainly true that the gospel accounts have been used for anti-Semitic purposes, so one might say that the movie is naively anti-Semitic.  Then again, I haven't seen the movie.   A postscript :  I tried to find Boyer's article on the web, but all I could find was a transcript of his interview with Bill O'Reilly here.    Read it here .  I've never cared too much for the gotcha brand of punditry that shows like  The O'Reilly Factor ,  Hardball  and  Crossfire  engage in, but they're even worse in print than they are on the screen.  Reading the transcript you can see just how shallow, thoughtless and rude these so-called journalists really are.