Some of us took in the new movie about Martin Luther, titled, simply enough,   Luther .  Here are a few first reactions:  There were a myriad of factors that led to Luther's break with the Roman Catholic Church:  German nationalism, Luther's own failure to find peace with God through the ministrations of the Church, the intellectual influence of his Augustinian brothers, especially Johannes von Staupitz, and his own study of the New Testament.    The movie compresses all these influences into one scene, Luther's trip to Rome.  We see the young monk, played by Joseph Fiennes, taking his turn viewing the skull of a saint on display in a Roman church.  As Luther studies the relic, Fiennes wears an expression of curiosity that flickers between hope and skepticism.  Next we watch Luther crawl up the steps of the Sancta Scala on his hands and knees reciting the Lord's Prayer, in order to free his grandfather from purgatory.  At the top, Luther turns around to survey the mass of wretched humanity crawling up behind him.  The clergy in elegant attire taking names and coins at the base of the stairs also catches his eye.  The look on his face is unmistakable--righteous indignation.  The church ought to be shepherds to these lost sheep, Luther thinks, but they're ravenous wolves devouring the flock.  Luther did visit Rome, and the experience pained him, not least because of the unbridled immorality of the city.  Years later Luther recalled that when he got to the top of the Sancta Scala he "wondered if it all were true," if God's mercy could really be at the beck and call of these ecclesiastical tricks.  What's amazing is that Fiennes is able to communicate Luther's growing fury and doubt without recourse to dialogue.    Peter Ustinov also shines in the role of the Elector Frederick.  The German prince who protected Luther from Rome, Frederick also maintained a vast collection of relics.  Ustinov plays the enigmatic Frederick just right.  In one scene, Frederick is perusing his relic collection while deliberating with his assistant, Spalatin, what to do with his radical theologian who, among other things, raves against relics.  He's been asked to hand him over for trial (and certain execution).  Frederick explains to Spalatin the different ways that one can say No to a more powerful opponent.  The irony of the whole scene is delicious, and captures the complicated nature of the German prince whose affable exterior masked a clever political mind.  In short, it's a well-acted movie that, for the most part, is true to the story of Luther's life.  If you know nothing about the founder of the Protestant Reformation, you'll learn a lot from   Luther , and if you're already familiar with his life, you'll appreciate how the actors bring a long and complicated story to life within the confines of a two hour motion picture.