Today on the Ivy Bush--an editorial page worth reading.  Check out   The Charlotte Observer's opinion section .  A couple of entries are worth mentioning.    First, the   Observer's editorial board  waxes nostalgic for that by-gone era when State, Carolina, Duke and Wake played and hated only each other.  But the ACC is expanding, and in the new and improved league, the Big Four might be carved up and parceled out among two different divisions.  I hate the thought of State and Wake not playing each other at all in football, and perhaps just once per season in basketball.  Unlike the State-Carolina rivalry, when it comes to the Demon Deacs, I can be complimentary in defeat and magnanimous in victory.  But just take a look at the ACC football standings, and it's obvious why the league needs to expand.  The rumors of Florida State's demise were, as they say, greatly exaggerated.  It's shaping up to be business as usual, with the Seminoles running the table, and three or four teams tied for a mediocre second place.  Tech whips Auburn, who, in turn, defeats the mighty Volunteers, but Tech can't beat Tommy Bowden's utterly fraudulent Clemson Tigers.  State falls one bad call short of upseting the defending national champions on the road, but the Wolfpack can't beat a Wake team who lost to the middling Purdue Boilermakers.  Yes, Virginia is unbeaten in league play, but I'm skeptical about a team that goes down to defeat against the lowly Gamecocks.  The ACC is incapable of growing a championship football program.  My SEC friends are right:  the ACC is a pigskin joke.  If it wants to be a football conference, it'll have to steal a few good teams from other places.  Sorry, Observer, but the ACC has to grow or die.    Second up,   no sooner do I rip Cal Thomas  than he writes a column that makes me eat crow.    This one  contains a lot that I agree with.  In short, Christians tilting at Ten Commandments windmills, and entrepreneurial pastors building megachurches that resemble corporations more than the  corpus Christi  are a sign that American Christianity has been seduced by the world.  If the church doesn't willingly embody what Stanley Hauerwas calls a "contrast society," then how can we expect the government to implement our moral vision by force?  Thomas' comments on the disappearance of hell from American religious thinking merit further consideration, in light of   the new movie about Martin Luther .  But that will have to wait for another entry.