I'm blogging from the office computer while down the hall the stewardship committee debates my pay for the coming year.  I've closed the door and turned the radio on just to make sure that I don't inadvertently overhear anything.  This somewhat awkward moment reminds of a column Peter Feuerherd wrote for  Commonweal  about the Catholic sex abuse scandal.  The author criticized calls for strengthening lay boards as a means of protecting children.  Feuerherd said that this "Power to the people" solution would have unintended consequences, such as muzzling the prophetic voice of the priesthood.  He recalled a racial controversy in a Midwestern city a few decades back.  The priests of the city were much stronger advocates for racial justice than the Protestant ministers because, Feuerherd suggests, priests served as the pleasure of their bishop, not their congregation.  Feuerherd writes, "There's enough cozy, smarmy sermonizing already.  You can only expect more with a system of lay boards ruling parishes.  Within such a system, you will pretty well forget raising unpopular themes..."  Suppose it's the hierarchy that needs to hear a prophetic word more than the laity?  Suppose that bishops and bureaucrats conspiring to advance the careers of pedophilic priests is a more pressing problem than racial prejudice in the pews?  Feuerherd's preference that priests be accountable to bishops rather than lay boards doesn't free the priest to preach prophetically; it merely frees him to criticize the laity rather than the hierarchy.  How much "prophetic preaching" has filled the air of Catholic sanctuaries regarding the sex-abuse crisis?  How many priests have taken their bishops to the rhetorical woodshed for their criminal lack of oversight?  One wonders.  Since Feuerherd argues by anecdote, let me offer one of my own:  Shortly after 9/11 I concluded, with no small amount of dread, that I had no choice but to declare my pacifist opposition to the war in Afghanistan in my monthly column for  The Charlotte Observer .  I gave the Session a heads-up.  One elder said, "Don't worry about it.  We expect you to say things that will challenge us."    My experience of preaching in three different Presbyterian congregations is that parishioners would rather be mad than bored with the sermon.  They give the pastor an awful lot of license from the pulpit.  Now if you don't show up when someone's in the hospital... well, that's a different kettle of fish.  Besides, priests like to be liked as much as anybody.  The fact that the people he's seeking to please can't fire him on the spot doesn't mean that he's not all too willing to pull his homiletical punches, if not out of fear of punishment, then in hope of some other form of reward.  If seldom is heard a prophetic word from the pulpit, it has less to do with who hires or pays the preacher, and more to do with the preacher and the pew-sitters' joint faith that "the word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword... And before (the Word) no creature is hidden, but all are naked and laid bare to the eyes of the one to whom we must render an account"  (Hebrews 3: 12-13).