No sooner had I finished the Old Testament reading in the Daily Lectionary than my wife marched in the door of my study.  "When you get home you've got to read the article about Wal Mart.  This is going to be like going vegetarian--a major lifestyle change--but from now on, I'm never shopping in that place again."  The article to which she refers is one in a three part series written by a pair of  L.A. Times  reporters.   The Charlotte Observer  ran the first installment this morning.  You can read it   here .    In short, the article chronicles Wal Mart's ambiguous and enormous impact on the U.S. economy.  Everyone loves shopping at Wal Mart, and why not?  The stuff's dirt cheap there.  That's no accident.  Founder Sam Walton made billions, yet he never gave driving a beat up old pickup truck.  That penny-pinching attitude permeates the company.  Executives don't fly first class, and managers are under pressure to wring every last cent of productivity out of their stores.  There's a dark side to Wal Mart-style thrift.  The corporation's strong arm tactics forces vendors to shift production overseas so that they can make products cheaply enough to sell to Wal Mart.  Wal Mart employees don't make a living wage, unlike employees of rival grocery store chains.  Indeed, the on-going strike affecting several California grocers is really about whether or not Wal Mart will set the (ultra-low) wage and benefit standard for grocery stores in that region.  Lastly, Wal Mart seems to be engaging in illegal activity in order to keep costs low, forcing staff to work overtime without pay, and hiring illegal aliens.  My wife's attitude is, "If everything's so cheap at Wal Mart because they're stiffing their employees and suppressing the standard of living in entire communities, I'm not going to shop there anymore."  This isn't the first time she's voted with her wallet.  When she became aware of how factory farming was polluting the environment, running small farmers out of business, and subjecting livestock to a miserable existence, she gave up meat.  We regularly buy organic produce from a local farmer.  It's more expensive than the non-organic stuff shipped from South America to Wal Mart (or any grocer, for that matter), but we feel better about spending the extra dollar when it means that fewer chemicals are used on the land and less gas is burned bringing to our home.  You, Gentle Reader, might raise any number of objections to our Wal Mart boycott.  You might say it won't make any difference.  Not to Wal Mart it won't, but to us it will.    You might say, all the other stores out there are just as bad.  There's no pure exchange of money, so why worry?  True.  I'm a Reformed theologian.  I believe in total depravity.  I've read enough of   Moral Man and Immoral Society  to know that there's no pure safe haven to flee to in this world.  Although boycotting Wal Mart may make me feel a bit better, it's not really about my purity.  It's about making a statement about what a sound economy is (not).  Lastly, you might respond with, "That's fine for you, but you can afford to shop at Harris Teeter.  Some folks can't."  That argument misses the point.  If folks can't afford to shop anywhere else other than Wal Mart, maybe it's because Wal Mart's gargantuan economic impact and ruthless cost-cutting is driving down the standard of living everywhere.  But if you want to know why we're really going to avoid that big box off East Innes Street, it's this:  Remember that Old Testament passage I was reading when Laura flew into my office this morning?  It was Amos 1 and 2:   Thus says the Lord: For three transgressions of Israel, and for four, I will not revoke the punishment; because they sell the righteous for silver, and the needy for a pair of sandals...   One man's coincidence is another man's sign from God.