Hunting Island, South Carolina is becoming one of my favorite places on God's earth.  It's located southeast of Beaufort in a region of the South Carolina Lowcountry that the tourists and yankees haven't conquered--yet.  The drive down U.S. highway 21 still looks like most anyplace in the southeastern coastal plain.  Little brick ranch houses already decorated for Christmas line the road, along with trailors, cows, large fields standing empty now but which were filled with watermelons when we passed them in June, and massive live oaks stretching over the highway to shade us from the sun.  No golf courses, no condos and no newly incorporated "towns" that are really just subdivisions full of half-million dollar homes.  What's the City Hall in these new municipalities anyway, a broom closet at the rec center?  Autumn, such as it is, has arrived down there.  I saw one or two greenish-yellow sweetgum trees tucked in between the palms and the long leaf pines.  Oh yes, there was a muscadine vine creeping up a tree whose leaves were definitely yellow.  It was a little incongrous to be eating Thanksgiving dinner with your view of the ocean slightly obscured by a palm tree, but I got over it quickly.  But when you're dining on "unturkey" (wheat gluten and tofu really) what's a little more incongruity?  The best views aren't oceanfront.  In this part of South Carolina the Atlantic doesn't have the good sense to stop where the continent begins.  It oozes inland for miles and miles.  The back side of Hunting Island opens up to a vast salt marsh.  Endless  spartina  grass, green in June when we were last there, now golden brown in late November.  Like Kansas at Memorial Day and then three weeks later.  Kingfishers zipping around and announcing their presence with a loud zippy rattle.  We took the kids on a nature walk down a boardwalk into the marsh, and Ethan proclaimed that his favorie part of the whole trip.  I fell in love with the salt marsh when I fell into it, literally, while on a field trip in the seventh grade.  It stinks, and it can't make up its mind whether it's dry land or not, but the salt marsh is a wondrous incubator for aquatic life.  Fish lay eggs in the marsh.  Other eggs get carried in by high tides.  There, hidden from predators by the grass, the baby fish grow and eventually return to the ocean.  Mother Nature's womb--the salt marsh.  We should allow that more than a few young fish get picked off by the egrets who sneak through the grass and strike when they see movement, but the egrets are just doing what comes naturally.  Dumping motor oil down the drain that runs into the marsh, now that's another matter.  The baby fish ought not to have to put up with that.    While trying to head off a riot in the back seat this afternoon, we brought up the subject of Thanksgiving.  "So what are you thankful for?"  I asked the kids.  Ethan said, "For God's whole world."  Amen.  And for the South Carolina lowcountry, especially.