The human rights violations perpetrated by U.S. troops in Iraq that   CPT has documented  pale in comparison to what  The Toledo Blade  has uncovered about "Tiger Force," an elite U.S. Army unit that went on a rampage in Vietnam's central highlands 36 years ago.  According to  The Blade , this unit killed hundreds of innocent men, women and children.  They threw hand grenades into underground bunkers where women and children cowered.  They shot peasants who "looked at them wrong."  They cut of the ears of their victims and make necklaces out of them.  The Defense Department thoroughly investigated the Tiger Force and concluded that there was sufficient evidence to convict soldiers of war crimes, but no one was ever prosecuted.  President Ford and Defense Secretary--Donald Rumsfeld--decided that the wounded nation didn't need another painful expose of U.S. atrocities in southeast Asia.  You can read the entire grisly series   by clicking here .  This is news to you, right?  Mysteriously, many national media outlets have declined to pick up the  Blade's  first rate and explosive investigation.  Eric Alterman (see link at right) has repeatedly questioned why  The New Times  has ignored the story, especially considering the fact that the foreign daily,  The International Herald   Tribune , has run the story, and the  Tribune's  owned by the  Times .    ABC did follow up  on  The Blade's  investigation after the Defense Department announced that it would reopen the case.   The Blade  reporter that broke this story spoke to NPR's    On the Media   today.  He speculated that the national media hasn't trumpeted his story about old war crimes because we're in a brand new war, and the media are under tremendous pressure to "support the troops."  And he added a thoughtful observation about an change in media coverage of the war in Iraq.  Embedded reporters, he said, would certainly reduce the risk of war crimes being commited by the units that they're assigned to.  Yet there are no embedded reporters in the units that are currently conducting operations against the Iraqi guerillas.  Is it better TV to have a reporter in a tank riding to Bagdhad than it is shadowing American soldiers when they   tear up somebody's home ?    If you say you're for Just War, then you should be hopping up and down by now, demanding to know more about ear-removing GIs in southeast Asia and the bullies who are tearing up the homes of ordinary Iraqis.  The Just War Doctrine claims that even in war, there are rules that have to be obeyed.  Specifically, the targeting of innocent civilians is prohibited.    If you shrug your soldiers and want to give these soldiers the benefit of the doubt, then do you also shrug your shoulders at the fellow citizens of your community suspected of dealing drugs, battering their spouses and breaking into people's homes?  If "supporting the troops" mean turning a blind eye to war crimes, then let us "support our citizens" by turning a blind eye to that crack house around the corner or that child with the black eye.  Tell the truth, if we can shrug our shoulders at gunning down farmers innocently working in a rice patty, why can't we shrug our shoulders at suicide bombings or using airplanes as projectiles?  Remind me again how We are different from They.  My sources,  The Toledo Blade  and Christian Peacemaker Teams, are not household names.  If one has to get this far off the beaten path to learn the unpleasant truth about some of the actions of some of our soldiers (note the word "Some") then what does that say about the national media's coverage of the military?    It say two things:  1.  Bush is wrong.  The media is not painting an overly ugly portrait of Iraq.  The media is actually sitting on a lot of information that would make things look even worse in Iraq.  2.  Bush is winning.  To quote Alterman, Bush and his allies in the conservative punditry are   working the refs , whining about media bias, and getting a cowed media to look the other way and call the game their way.