The Massachusetts Supreme Court decision endorsing gay marriage is an oddly conservative verdict.  I have often heard heterosexual, cohabitating couples say, "What's the big deal about marriage?  It's just a piece of paper.  A silly ceremony doesn't make a marriage."    Try telling that to homosexuals.  They've been shacking up for years, and they're fed up with those arrangements.  Marriage IS a big deal.  It does confer certain rights, but the "piece of paper/silly ceremony" also helps solidify the relationship.  The court ruling elevates marriage, in a strange and probably unintentional sort of way.    Moreover, gay bashers can't castigate the homosexual community for promiscuity and simultaneously condemn the court's decision.  If gays and lesbians are so promiscuous, why do they want to get married so badly?  There's more to it than not getting to visit your partner in the hospital because, under the law, you aren't "family."  But if the verdict is oddly conservative,   it is relentlessly libertarian .  "It is the exclusive and permanent commitment of the marriage partners to one another, not the begetting of children, that is the sine qua non of civil marriage," said the court's Chief Justice.  For the court majority, marriage is just another contract that any two people are entitled to enter.    That minimalist definition of marriage is a far cry from "The Statement on the Gift of Marriage" that I usually read at wedding ceremonies.  Taken from a   Presbyterian liturgical resource , it states that marriage is an institution ordained by God, rooted in our creation as sexually differentiated beings, for the well-being of human society, for procreation, for mutual aid, and to mirror the relationship between Christ and his Church.    The Massachusetts Supreme Court appears willing to let anyone marry anyone, but unwilling to give them advice on what constitutes a good marriage.  There are exceptions, of course.  I assume that adultery is still recognized as a legitimate grounds for breaking the marriage contract, even in libertarian Massachusetts.    For today, I'm not interested in arguing the morality/immorality of homosexuality.  I'm more interested in thinking about what the new libertarianism means for Christian mission.  We Christians need to be mindful that we have a far more robust vision of the good life than the secular authorities are willing to enshrine in law.  That means we will have to be far more intentional in Christian education.  If no one's willing to say what a good marriage is, then Christians will have to say it, if we want our children to have a reasonable shot at getting into a good marriage, and if we want them to have the strength and wits to work through the crisis points in marriage.  The argument also extends to economics.  The government is increasingly unwilling to take our money (taxes) to ameliorate social ills (maintain the welfare state).  If the government isn't going to say what constitutes generosity, mercy and economic justice, then the churches will have to say it.  Sadly, we're not doing such a good job with that.  How is it that thousands of Mecklenburg County taxpayers got checks from Uncle Sam this summer, but donations to Crisis Assistance Ministry remained flat, even during a time of unprecedented demand for services?  PS.  Speaking of sex, you mean to tell me that there are still parents out there letting their kids   sleep over at Wacko Jacko's house ?  I say, Lock up Mom and Dad too, for flat-out stupidity.