"Pacifists are parasites," is a common charge leveled at advocates of nonviolence.  "It's hypocritical," the critics say, "to sit back in the comfort of your own home and complain about militarism when military might provides you a safe place to speak your mind."  You can make that argument against some pacifists, but not against the Jewish scholar Ezra.  In the 5th century BC, Ezra, with the blessing of the King of Persia, led a delegation of exiled Jews back to Jerusalem to re-establish obedience to the law of Moses in the city.  (I've been poking around this more obscure era in biblical history thanks to recent selections in the   daily lectionary .)  But before they set out they fasted and prayed for safe travel.  Why?  "Because," says Ezra, "I was ashamed to ask the King for a band of soldiers and cavalry to protect us against the enemy on our way, since we had told the king that the hand of our God is gracious to all who seek him, but his power and wrath are against all who forsake him" (Ezra 8:22-3).  Here is a non-parasitic and theologically sound pacifism.  Ezra and his entourage put themselves at risk, making a long journey along a road stalked by bandits without benefit of a security detail.  They do so because they believed that reliance on the sword would undercut their claim that their God protects the innocent and punishes the guilty.  A modern-day Ezra is the Christian Peacemaker Team volunteer I heard at last summer's Presbyterian Peacemaking Conference (see link at right).  He stated that the world will not have peace until peace advocates take the same risks that soldiers do.  CPT sends teams of pacifists into war-torn regions to expose human rights violations and engage in nonviolent direct action to challenge unjust political and economic systems.  Both Ezra and CPT volunteers challenge armchair peaceniks to get off their duffs and stick their necks out.  But Ezra also represents a profound challenge to Christians who endorse violence.  If we believe that God in Christ has defeated the powers of sin and death, and that Jesus Christ is coming to renew the creation, then why do we pick up the sword from time to time?  Doesn't our recourse to violence say something very different, namely, that it's up to us and not God to save the world, and that we really don't have much faith that eternal life awaits us beyond death?  Ezra was no doctrinaire pacifist.  He and Nehemiah the governor were instrumental in the reconstruction of the city wall.  In other words, they made sure Jerusalem was battle-ready.  But none of us are doctrinaire pacifists.  We are born into and are socialized by a violent world that is shot through with violence.  The important thing is that violent people (meaning all of us) occasionally take risks and step out in faith.