We have a new energy policy!  And said energy policy may be the last tremor in an earthquake that's been rattling the political landscape for the past twenty-five years.  First the details of the bill (they're awful), and then the overall political implications.  If you like pork barrel spending, smog, gas guzzlers and emergency rooms packed with asthmatics, then this bill's for you.  The Senate wanted $16 billion in tax breaks for energy companies.  The White House wanted $8 billion.  So they compromised--on $20 billion.  I just luv that Beltway math!    The bill requires no increases in automobile fuel efficiency, an easy way to get more fuel and cleaner air.  In fact, the bill gives smoggy regions like the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex more time to clean up their air.  I guess this is "favor" to the President's home state, although the beneficiaries are the few executives in Lone Star companies that are polluting the air, not the many children and senior citizens who are sucking wind on a 95 degree red alert afternoon in Irving.  They couldn't have written a worse bill if they tried, except for the fact that there's no provision to allow drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  This bill is welfare for Big Oil and Big Utilities.  It's a stimulus package, for haze and smog.    And it helps redefine the Republican Party as the true "liberal" party in American politics.  My dictionary defines "liberal" as "tending to give freely, generous; generous in amount, ample."    Now which party is the "liberal" party, the party who's energy policy calls for more mining and more drilling on more public lands for more gas, more coal, and more oil, whose policy will result in more burning of fossil fuels and more ozone and smog, OR the party whose policy calls for conservation (related to the word "conservative") of natural resources?  Which is the true liberal party, the party that bequeathed a balanced budget to the Republic, or the party that plunged the Republic back into red ink in just a couple of years?  Who are the true liberals?  The folks who are profligate in their distribution of tax breaks to wealthy individuals and big corporations, or the folks who resist such giveways?  Is it liberal or conservative to haul off and invade a country on the mere suspicion that it might be up to no good?  Is it liberal or conservative to restrict the use of military force to situations where there is an immediate threat to the Republic, its vital interests or the lives of innocent cvilians?  No doubt about it.  If you're a liberal; you're a Republican.