Athletic conferences are like women.  They're more alluring when they're taken than when they're available.  How else do you explain Notre Dame's   latest overture  to the ACC, weeks AFTER the ACC completed its expansion drive by adding Boston College?  Or maybe the Fighting Irish figure that BC has made the ACC, long a bastion of Baptists (Wake), Methodists, (Duke) and godless secularists (everybody else), safe for Roman Catholicism.  One thing's for sure--if the ACC makes it a baker's dozen by adding Notre Dame, it won't be to shore up its strength in football, as was the case with the last three additions.  "Duke with gold helmets," says   the Packman  about Irish football.  Ouch!  I took the "War Is Not the Answer" bumper sticker off my car today.  Not that I disagree with that statement.  But I'm tired of saying "I told you so" about the Iraq War.  I was against the war, chiefly because I thought we couldn't win the peace.  The current situation vindicates me, though that brings me no joy, especially considering that a son of our congregation may be deployed to Iraq next spring.  But rather than debate the wisdom of going to war seven months ago, we need a debate on how to stabilize Iraq now.  Problem is, there don't seem to be many good solutions.  The Democrats clamor for more international cooperation, but the Turks, the Pakistanis, the South Koreans and the Japanese are all balking.  With good reason; what's the upside for those countries to put their soldiers down in the middle of a guerilla war?  John McCain says we need more troops in Iraq; Jim Leech says we need to be completely gone by the next inauguration.  Who's right?  I know who's wrong, the President for saying that the situation's normal, and the media's just a bunch of gloomy Guses.  These insurgents are better at shooting down U.S. helicopters than the Republican Guard was.  Things are not hunky dory in Iraq.  P.S. If you're of a different mind, you can order a "War Is Not the Answer" bumper sticker   here .  It's finally cold!  Yesterday's wind evicted any recalcitrant leaves from their perches.  I love these brisk days with bright blue sky, and the vivid contrast between light and shadow when the low afternoon sun casts long shadows behind the bare trees.  Finally, the Bedside Manner of the Year Award:  Laura's grandmother, born June 3, 1913, got her pneumonia shot today.  Helen remembers that it was exactly ten years ago when she got the last one, because the nurse who administered it chirped, "This is the last pneumonia shot you'll ever need!"  Remember boys and girls, when the doctor diagnoses you with terminal cancer and you want to know how much time you've REALLY got left, ask the nurse.  She'll tell it to you straight.