While puttering around the   Hood Seminary Library  I came across a fascinating article in the new   Scottish Journal of Theology  on John's Calvin's theology of the Lord's Supper.  Calvin is chiefly remembered for denying the real presence of Christ in the Lord's supper,  contra  the Roman Catholics.  But this article argues that Calvin did affirm a real presence of Christ in the Eucharist, and thought of the believer's communion with Christ in the Supper in mystical terms.    Calvin believed that in the event of Communion Christ descends to his disciples and lifts their souls into heaven to be with him and more conformed to him.  What was the basis of this thinking?  For Calvin, the Genesis story of Jacob's ladder is a shadow and form of what takes place in the Lord's Supper.  Calvin himself once had a strong, mystical experience, which he described in terms that Paul uses in 2 Corinthians where the apostle speaks of being "snatched up into the third heaven,"  and Calvin uses the same language to talk about the believer's experience of Christ in the Holy Supper in the  Institutes .  I dare say that Calvin's theological children do not understand the Lord's Supper in these terms at all, as an event in which our souls are literally transported to heaven when Christ, the host of the Lord's Supper, comes and fetches them.  But recovery of this theology of the Lord's Supper may be helpful for the revival of 21st century Reformed and Presbyterian churches.    So many people are abandoning Christianity for eastern religions or new age religions because they are craving an experience of the divine.  Yet all they get in conservative Christian churches are fossilized doctrines to which they must bow the knee, whether they understand them or not.  Liberal churches are no better.  Instead of God, liberals give them a to-do list of left wing causes.  Christian rituals and liturgy have the capacity to ignite a lively spirituality in the hearts of believers, if only we will let them.  In my last communion sermon I stressed the ethical implications of the Lord's Supper.  I said that "Discern the body" means to forgive and seek forgiveness from fellow Christians before approaching the table.  But the Lord's supper is also literally "com-union," a joining together with Jesus Christ, the GodMan.  Let's not jetison the experiential for the ethical alone.