Sadly, we have veterans of a brand new war this Veteran's Day, 2003.  What shall we call this war/these wars?  The Afghanistan War?  The Iraq War?  The Second Gulf War?  I suppose we could lump it together under the title "The War on Terrorism."  But that's a dubious rubric.  One can draw a straight line between the attacks on New York and Washington and the war to overthrow the Taliban and kill or capture Al Qaeda fighters operating in Afghanistan.  The line between September 11, 2001 and the continuing bloodshed in Iraq is a squiggly thing.  The rationale for war rested on this three-legged stool:  1.Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction, in defiance of U.N. resolutions.  2.Iraq was cooperating with Al Qaeda, and we couldn't let Iraq slip WMDs to the terrorists,  3.Replacing Saddam Hussein with a democratic, multi-ethnic state in Iraq would be the first step in democratizing the Middle East, a reverse of the old "Domino Theory."  Time has not been kind to that stool.  Legs one and two have been knocked out by the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.  Leg #2 was always a rickety support.  There was mutual loathing between the secularist Saddam and the fanatics in Afghanistan.  But in post-war (can we really use that term?) Iraq, Baathists and Al Qaeda operatives have joined hands, on the principle of "the enemy of my enemy is my friend."  In short the war, which was supposed to disrupt cooperation between Saddam and bin Laden, has actually facilitated cooperation between these erstwhile enemies.  So it was not too surprising that the President highlighted reason number three in his speech last week.  With the exception of George Will and a few liberals like Tom Friedman, this reason didn't get a lot of enthusiastic support in the runup to the war.  Career diplomats at the State Department doubted that we could impose democracy in Iraq by force.  Old line conservatives who decry "nation-building" had no use for going to war unless our vital interests are at stake.  But, lacking any weapons of mass destruction, democratizing Iraq is the only reason left for us to be there.  That, and the fact that if we pulled out now, there would be a nasty civil war on top of the world's second largest oil reserves.  Afghanistan all over again.  I wonder if the soldiers serving in Iraq understand their service there in terms of bringing democracy to the Middle East?  They know, better than we do, that Operation Iraqi Freedom is not a "Mission Accomplished."  But, as they are stalked daily by an increasingly sophisticated coalition of guerillas, do they think that Operation Iraqi Freedom is a Mission Impossible?