We're pretty giddy.  Laura ran to Concord to pick up her tickets for The Lord of the Rings three-peat on December 16.  The Fellowship, the Two Towers and the new one--The Return of the King, back to back to back.  The man in the ticket booth handed them to her and said solemnly, "These are extremely valuable."  Laura was kicking herself for leaving the gun in the car (just kidding!)  Mr. Ticket Booth says that these tickets are fetching $500 on Ebay.    Wish I'd bought one!  I thought that $24 for a movie was a tad pricey, even an eleven hour movie.  And I hate staying up late anymore.  How shortsighted.  If I'd bought one, I could replace the garage door with the scalpings and still get to bed early.  Aye, the fantasy spirit is in full effect at the Lindsay ranch.  After Laura returned we ran over to Catawba and rented costumes for tomorrow's Ren Fest.  I, of course, needed something clerical, so I'm going as the Archbishop of Canterbury.  Thank Thomas a Becket, not Rowan Williams.  You should see me in my hat!  And we continue to read a chapter of  Alice in Wonderland  a night to the children.  This is my first trip through this land; can you believe that?  Off with his head!  you say.  I didn't like it at first.  All Alice did was expand and shrink.  I was ready to return it to the library and re-read  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe .  But the tide turned when we met the Mad Hatter and the March Hare.  The dialogue is ironic, dry and whimsically incoherent.  The plot lurches about like a dream, like pieces of several puzzles jumbled into one box, a true "wonderland."    Still, I must disagree with fussy old Harold Bloom that Harry, Ron and Hermione can't hold a candle to Alice, the March Hare and the Gryffon.  Carroll's dialogue is much cleverer, but the Potter books are a rip-roaring good read.  Such imagination Rowling has, especially in this fifth novel, a wizard bureaucracy complete with flying memos!  As long as they're reading, let's not lament too much that kids are crazier about Potter than Alice.  Let's just give thanks that they're reading.