My mother-in-law insisted that I write about   this .  Being a good son-in-law, I'm more than happy to comply.  Let's pretend that President Bush is coming to Salisbury.  ("Why's he coming to a reliable red state like North Carolina?"  you wonder.  I don't know.  Maybe to raise money.  Maybe to shore up the re-election hopes of poor old Robin Hayes, whose vote for "free trade" preceded the liquidation of his district's biggest employer, Pillowtex.  But we digress.)  Anyway, the President's motorcade is going to move down highway 29, past the shuttered North Carolina Finishing Company, past the forelorn Cone Mills plant on South Main Street, down to Kannapolis where the bohemoth Pillowtex complex stands idle, to a rally for Robin Hayes.  This is a big deal--the President of the United States driving through Salisbury.  Where do you go to catch a glimpse of the motorcade?  Do you stand on North Main Street in front of the courthouse, or South Main Street, alongside Chesnut Hills Cemetary?  It depends on what you think about the administration.  If you think it's great that the President has invaded and conquered Iraq, and you want to give him the thumbs up, then anywhere along Main Street is fine.    But suppose you disagree with the administration's policies.  Suppose you think that a progressive tax code is the best means of promoting economic growth and social stability.  You're rankled that the President has eliminated the estate tax and slashed dividend taxes.  Suppose further, that you want to raise a placard that says "Tax Wealth, Not Work" high enough for the President to see as he speeds by.  It'll have to be a pretty tall placard, because you'll have to stand in what the Secret Service has deemed a "free speech zone."  In this case, it's the practice field at Catawba College, two miles from the motorcade route.  My scenario is not far-fetched, as you'll see if you click on the link above.  Whenever the President hits the road, his handlers sweep the way clean of protestors.  One guy in South Carolina snuck in the designed Groupie Section close to the President, and raised a sign that said "No War for Oil."  When asked to leave he refused.  Now he's facing federal charges.  I don't know why my mother-in-law is outraged.  I'm pretty numb to this sort of thing.  Before they took office they sued to prevent an accurate vote count from happening in Florida.  The rammed the so-called Patriot Act through a frightened, gutless Congress, eroding all kinds of civil liberties.  They   hand over suspected terrorists to third countries  which routinely torture prisoners.  Regarding the 800 languishing at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, they have yet to comply with the Geneva Convention which requires its signatories to convene a tribunal to determine the status of captured soldiers.    This administration has already trampled on so many human rights that nothing surprises me anymore.  Nor does it surprise me that the President doesn't want to listen to dissenting opinions.  As reporter   Seymour Hersh has shown  , once the administration decided that it wanted to invade Iraq it asked the CIA to forward immediately to the White House any scrap or shred or rumor of intelligence that bolstered the case for war, without sending the intelligence through the usual vetting process.  Stovepiping, they call it.  This is an administration that doesn't want to be bothered by the facts, much less your cranky opinion about this issue or that.  Nancy, you and I would be much happier if we just sat down, shut up, and let these wise people run the country (and the other countries they periodically take over) as they see fit.