 Here's a review  of two new books on Harry Potter, one fer em, and one agin em.  The agin em book,   "Re-reading Harry Potter," by Suman Gupta , is not a far right screed about occultism.  The reviewer says it's a far left screed about the racist, classist and sexist world J.K. Rowling has created.  I haven't read Gupta's $60 book on Harry Potter, but if the reviewer's analysis is correct, he appears to completely miss the point of Rowling's novels.  Yes, the wizarding world is full of all the same -isms that the real world is, but the books' clear intent is that the reader disapprove of those -isms.  (I will defer for the time being, addressing the issue of whether or not there is any such thing as authorial or narrative intent, an issue which ties literary critics in knots but need not detain people outside the academy who "like to read good books.")   The racist Malfoys, who despise wizards with Muggle ancestry, are the bad guys.  At the beginning of the fifth book we enter the Ministry of Magic to see a statue of house elves and other magical creatures bowing before a proud wizard.  At the end of the book we hear Professor Dumbledore's censure of the elitist ideology implied in that statue.  The reader understands that Dumbledore is a completely reliable source of truth in the narrative.    Contrary to Gupta's assertions, there are strong, resourceful female characters in the series, Hermione and Professor McGonagall, to name two.  Unlike the movie versions of Tolkien's  Rings  trilogy, which magnified the minor character of Arwyn in order (I think) to satisfy modern sensibilities about gender and modern desires to see strong female characters, the film versions of the Potter books had no need to dress up the stories in respectable feminist attire.  The women were already there.  At the same time Rowling lampoons do-gooding liberal paternalism.  Hermione's house elf emacipation efforts get rejected by none other than the house elves.  Rowling seems to imply that people have to want to be liberated before they can be.  Is this too much stress on personal responsibility for the leftist Gupta to stomach?  The reviewer remarks that Gupta pays little attention to what's truly wonderful about the Harry Potter books:  a plot with more twists and turns than the nastiest roller coaster, vivid characters whom we either love or hate, and a narrative world almost as varied as the real one we inhabit.  This is so typical of the far left, which, still following Marx, reduces the meaning of everything to the class struggle, and has a tin ear for aesthetics.    Reading Harry Potter is like entering a Russian Orthodox cathedral.  Reading Gupta's analysis of Harry Potter is like entering a Soviet-era apartment building.