From today's news...     Cal Thomas is miffed  because the new CBS mini-series "The Reagans" portrays the Gipper as a gay-basher.  Brother Cal cites a heartfelt sympathy letter the former President wrote in 1988 to a woman whose daughter died after contracting AIDS through a blood transfusion as proof that the movie is off-base.  Never mind that the letter in question concerns a person who came down with AIDS "innocently."  Check out   Ray Shilts' acclaimed book  on the birth of the AIDS pandemic,  And the Band Played On.   The disease came on the medical radar screen in 1981.  The virus causing AIDS was identified in 1983.  Rock Hudson died in 1985.  By this point AIDS was the nation's number one public health concern, and a major news story.  How many comments had President Reagan made about this major domestic crisis at this point in his administration?  None, Schiltz reports.  Zero.  Zilch.  Nada.  When one considers all the press conferences, all the speeches and all the public appearances Reagan made in those years, the silence is deafening.    There's more.  Reagan's HHS budgets regularly gave short-shrift to AIDS at the time when the disease was first ramping up.  Budgets were so tight at the CDC that scientists couldn't even get new doorknobs, the ones that you push down on rather than turn, so that they could easily carry samples from one room to the next.  Only because Orin Hatch (a true compassionate conservative) gave HHS more money than they asked for did any research and prevention get going in the 80s.  Did Reagan ignore AIDS because he despised gays?  I don't know.  What's your theory?    Tonya Jameson is right .  One of the best things about the Renaissance Fair is that it makes obesity sexy.  Seriously, who'd you rather have serving you that turkey leg and pint of meade?  Some Gwyneth Paltrow-type, or an Oprah-sized woman bursting at the seams of her barmaid's dress?  In the real Renaissance days, the skinny chicks probably had TB.  So raise a stein to all those wenches in plus size costumes!  At the Ren Fest, thin isn't in!   I knew things were going from bad to worse  in Iraq even before I heard about the helicopter going down.  Driving over to the church I listened to an interview with  New Republic  Editor Lawrence Kaplan on   NPR's On the Media.   Over 2,000 Americans have been wounded in Iraq, and we're not talking about (egg) shell fragments in the eye, which earned Major Frank Burns his Purple Heart in Korea.  Kaplan, with great difficulty, got into Walter Reed Army Hospital to interview the wounded.  He says the place looks like something out of a Civil War photo.  Rooms, hallways and waiting areas are filled with 19 and 20-year-old men with missing arms, legs and eyes.  Kaplan interviewed one soldier from North Dakoa who was assigned to a patrol boat looking for guerrillas.  Every day his boat came under fire, and finally, they got him.  The media, which the Bush administration blames for presenting an overly pessimistic view of the situation in Iraq, has focused exclusively on soldiers killed in Iraq.  Ironically, this focus makes the situation seem BETTER than it is.  A soldier killed here or there, this day or that, generates an image of episodic, isolated, but occasionally effective resistance against the U.S. occupation.    In fact, U.S. forces are fighting a determined, well-organized insurgency.  Mopping up this is not.  Nor is the violence of the past two weeks mere desperation tactics, as the President characterized it.  They're hurting us.  They've run the U.N. out of town, and they're running the Red Cross out too.  If there's anyone to blame, it's the administration for botching this occupation:  1.Not controlling the looting, which embittered ordinary Iraqis against us, 2.Commiting too few troops to secure the borders and ammunition depots, 3.Utterly failing to win international cooperation to win the war and the peace, 4.I could go on and on...    There's too many people getting shot in Iraq for the administration to go shooting the messenger.