I joined ESPN's recap of the top 100 sports stories of 2003 somewhere in the 50s.  This crazy dirt bike rider did a 360 in the air before he landed upright.  As usual the commentary was more memorable than the on the field stuff:     If he's in a year-long slump, then the rest of us are in a lifetime slump .  Michael Strahan on Tiger Woods.     He's the Shaquille O'Neal of bicycling .  Shaquille O'Neal on Lance Armstrong.    Sadly, two of the top ten stories were scandals.  Kobe Bryant was number one, but number ten was the far more disturbing (in my opinion) crimes that blew up the Baylor basketball program.  One player, probably severely mentally disturbed, shot and killed a teammate.  But when the ensuing investigation threatened to uncover corruption in the Baylor hoops program, Coach Dave Bliss tried to get his assistants and teammates to blame the bad money floating around on the dead player by falsely accusing him of being a drug dealer.  If I watch college sports and resolve not to buy any of the products that are advertised, am I still part of the problem?     This morning I caught a bit of CNN , and thrown in with all the news about armed guards on selected foreign airline flights into the U.S. was this tidbit:  be on the lookout for people with almanacs.  They're using them to plot terrorist attacks.    I'd be bent over laughing if I weren't dumbfounded, speechless, incredulous, etc., etc.  Almanacs?  You mean the big hardbacks with beautifully detailed maps of  "the Prairie Provinces" or "Central Europe?"  Or are we talking "Poor Richard's?"  Which phase of the moon is ideal for crashing airliners into skyscrapers?  Think I'll go to   Amazon  and buy a Koran, an Almanac and see how long it takes for Agent Smith to ring my doorbell…      If I lived in the beautiful South Carolina Lowcountry  I would probably not vote for Howard Dean in the February 3 primary.  But I need to learn to like him, as he is shaping up to be the likely Democratic nominee.  Truthfully, it's not that hard.  Dean is the Newt Gingrich of the Democratic Party.  He shoots his mouth off, simultaneously appalling the establishment, goading the opposition to hatred, and endearing himself to his base.  Newt waxed nostalgic for orphanages.  Dr. Dean doesn't want to prejudge the guilt of Osama bin Laden.  Newt vowed to never compromise with the Democrats.  Deano famously declared that he was representing "the Democratic wing of the Democratic Party."  If Dean wins the nomination, it should be a fun election.  And don't count out the Doctor.  Like his evil twin, Howard Dean is politically skillful.