When Laura cleans out the refrigerator and serves it up to us in warmed-over oozy lumps, she calls it "Yuck Pot Soup."  Today's serving was quite good. There were some raisins in there with sauteed cucumbers.  This is the blog equivalent of Yuck Pot Soup.  It's hard to get your mind around the disaster that's unfolded in southeastern Iran.  I try to imagine what 25,000 dead people is like.  And all from the same city and region.  I try to imagine what 70% of the buildings in a given city destroyed is like.  What if that happened to Salisbury?    Alas, my imagination fails.  And so I haven't thought about it too much.  The few people killed in that mudslide that destroyed a Greek Orthodox Camp in California has made a much bigger impact on me that the Iranian earthquake.  I think that it was Joseph Stalin, of all people, who said that the death of one person is a tragedy, but the death of a million people is a statistic.  He was right, in a grim and evil way.    More important than how I feel is what I do.  My heart may go out more to the few killed in California than the many in Iran, but my head knows that the greatest need is in Iran, and the Red Cross needs a check from me.  December 28 is the   Feast of the Holy Innocents  on the Roman Catholic calendar:   When Herod saw that he had been tricked by the wise men, he was infuriated, and he sent and killed all the children in and around Bethlehem who were two years old or under, according to the time that he had learned from the wise men.  Then was fulfilled what had been spoken through the prophet Jeremiah:  "A voice was heard in Ramah, wailing and loud lamentation, Rachel weeping for her children; she refused to be consoled, because they are no more."  Matthew 2:16-18  Another ruler launches a pre-emptive strike to secure "peae and justice" in the Middle East.  Hmm... sounds familiar.  Some of you Missouri people need to tell me how good Priest Holmes and the Chiefs really are this season.  I remember in the days of Steve Bono a 13-3 Chiefs team played Indianapolis in the playoffs and got sent home for the season.  Are these Chiefs for real?  We never get to see them here in NC.  It's just Panthers, Panthers, Panthers and the AFC East.  We've had great weather lately.  Cold, cold nights and mild, sunny afternoons.  A tad too warm for me.  I like Christmas Day to be brisk but not frigid, but afternoon temperatures have been flirting with 60.  Best of all is the sharp contrast between the green, green grass in the park and the brown trees and sharp black shadows the winter sun casts.  Gotta run create a Saturn V rocket out of Play Dough with my boys...