There are so many things to be afraid of this Christmas.  We fear for the safety of our friends and loved ones stationed in Iraq.  At home our Terror Alert has jumped up to Code Orange.  Members of our congregation are flying here and there over the holidays while we hear the disturbing news that Al Qaeda maintains an interest in aviation.  And thank goodness the traditional Christmas meal is ham and not steak, or we'd have something else to worry about.  So we come into this house of worship, beautifully adorned for the season, to sing some of our favorite music, and be comforted and reassured that, though the world is menacing, everything's going to be all right.  Except...  there's a fair dose of fear in the Christmas story.  Take the shepherds, humble farm laborers working third shirt, immortalized by countless boys wearing bathrobes in Christmas pageants.  They are terrified by the sight of the angelic hosts of heaven.    And the shepherds are the rule, not the exception.  There are almost as many terrified people in the gospel of Luke as there are in a Stephen King novel.  The gospel begins with the story of the priest Zechariah encountering the angel Gabriel.  Poor old Zechariah is speechless with fright, and he doesn't get his voice back until nine months later when, after his elderly barren wife Elizabeth has miraculously delivered a baby, he names the child John, as per the instructions of the angel.  Luke notes that "fear came over all their neighbors," and what happened to Zechariah and Elizabeth became the talk of the town.  So too Mary was "deeply troubled" when Gabriel announced to her that she would give birth to the Son of God.    Laura and I have been watching the HBO adaptation of Tony Kushner's play  Angels in America .  One of the characters is named Pryor.  He's a gay man with AIDS.  Weird things keep happening to Pryor.  Ghosts visit him at night.  He has visions in the doctor's office.  And then one evening, home in bed, alone because his companion deserted him when he was diagnosed, an angel visits Pryor.  The room heats up like an oven, until the roof cracks open and collapses on Pryor, and down comes an angel, dressed in blinding white garments with wings beating back and forth (whoosh, whoosh) and a voice that sounds like the roar of a furnace.  And the look on Pryor's face is a mixture of awe and flat-out terror, and he begs her to leave.    Angels in America is a controversial play because of the subject matter, but give Tony Kushner credit.  He knows his angels.  They are not at all like the plump, cute, childlike Precious Moments angels you may have seen.  No, angels are God's instruments of shock and awe.  So too is the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes and lying in a manger.  That cute little baby Jesus grew up to scare the heck out of any number of people.  There's this story about Jesus setting sail with his disciples on the Sea of Galilee.  When a storm threatened to capsize the boat, Jesus ordered the wind and waves to calm down.  The storm ended, and his disciples were no longer afraid of dying.  They were afraid of Jesus.  "Who is this who commands even the wind and water?"  they muttered among themselves.    When Jesus and the twelve got to the other side of the sea they encountered a wretched case:  a demon possessed man who was so wild that he couldn't be restrained even with chains.  He lived in the wilderness howling and bruising himself with stones.  Jesus cast out the demons, and when the residents of that region saw the man clothed and in his right mind, they were seized with great fear, and they pleaded with Jesus to leave them.  So much for gratitude.  We human beings are really messed up.  Not only are we frightened of bad things, war, terrorism, contaminated food, we're even more scared of good things:  a child born to a childless couple, healing, a call to ministry, an angelic choirs.  We are more afraid of God than we are the devil, more afraid of good than evil.  It's entirely appropriate.  "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom," says the Psalmist.  Now we mainline Christians, who take pride in our religion of love, as opposed to the fundamentalist religion of wrath, go to great lengths to say that "fear" isn't really fear, it's a healthy respect, a reverence for the divine.  But I wonder if there's not also a place for good ol' fashioned blubbering, sweaty palmed, stomach churning fright when God encounters us.  Donald McCullough wrote, "We will fear God.  It is natural and unavoidable.  For if God is God, then our efforts to be like God are overcome.  (God's) power uncovers our weakness; (God's) holiness reveals our sinfulness; (God's) love exposes our selfishness; (God's) eternity underscores our mortality.  How can we not be afraid?"    Indeed, Christmas is about the coming of this God into our world and our lives.  This almighty, holy, loving and eternal God has invaded time and space and human history and now confronts us in our weakness, our sinfulness, our hard-heartedness and our decay.  Christmas is a scary thing.    "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom."  But it's not the end or the goal of wisdom.  True, the shepherds quake at the sight, but eventually they pull themselves together, so much so that by the end of the story these lowly ranch hands have sung the first ever Christmas cantata and have gone on the first missionary journey, even if it was confined to the city limits of Bethlehem.  What accounts for their turnaround?    The angel says "Fear not."  True, the God who has drawn near them in heavenly chorus and babe wrapped in swaddling clothes contradicts, judges and condemns all that we are.  That's scary.  But only in order to save us and transform us.  God in Christ has come as Savior.  God has come to deliver us from evil, not only from evil doers in the headlines and in our nightmares, but also from the evil within us.  God in Christ has come as our Lord.  No longer must we serve the cruel overlords of money and power, but we can take on the easy burden of kneeling and worshipping Christ our King.  God became man, said the fourth century theologian Athanatius, that man might become God.  The angel is kind enough to confirm the good news with a sign:  you will find a child wrapped in bands of cloth and lying in a manger.  A strange incubator indeed, even for that technologically challenged time and place.  God ordains the strange circumstances of Jesus' birth in order to confirm that God is going to do what God said God would do.  We need signs because our faith is weak.  The Word alone too easily withers in our hearts before it takes root, and we conclude that the cavalry will never arrive, that God has abandoned us, or even worse, that God is out to get us.  But God gives us signs that confirm Hod's faithfulness and mercy and grace, costly grace.  This table and this sacrament is our babe wrapped in swaddling clothes.  It is a sign that confirms and seals the good news on our hearts.  God has come to punish sin, to right wrongs, and establish justice and righteousness.  And God has come in mercy, to bear the punishment that we deserve, to free us from sin and death.  Eat the bread, drink the fruit of the vine, remember, and believe.  In C.S. Lewis' wonderful story,  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe , there is this exchange between the children who are lost in the land of Narnia and some friendly animals about the rumored arrival of Aslan (who symbolizes Christ in the story):  "Is (Aslan) a man?"  asked Lucy.  "Aslan a man?"  said Mr. Beaver sternly.  "Certainly not.  I tell you he is king of the wood and the son of the Great Emperor Beyond the Sea.  Aslan is a lion, the great lion." 	 "Ohh," said Susan.  "Is he quite safe?  I shall feel rather nervous about meeting a lion."  "That you will dear and no mistake," said Mrs. Beaver.  "If there's anyone who can appear before Aslan without their knees knocking, they're either braver than most or just silly."  "Then he isn't safe?"  said Lucy.  "Safe?"  said Mr. Beaver.  "Don't you hear what Mrs. Beaver tells you?  Who said anything about safe?  'Course he's not safe.  But he's good.  He's the King, I tell you."  There's nothing safe about the Incarnation of holy, almighty, loving and eternal God in our sinful, futile, suffering lives.  If the name Emmanuel, which means "God is with us," isn't enough to send a chill down your spine, then you are quite brave or quite silly.  But the God who is with us is a Good God, who has come to pardon us, suffer for us, transform us and set us free.