OK, I am a little worried.  The "mad cow" was an elderly dairy cow sent to the slaughterhouse after giving it her all.  And while I don't eat beef, my whole family consumes a lot of milk, cheese and ice cream.  Not all the stuff we buy is organic.  Can you get BSE (aka, Mad Cow Disease) from dairy products?  This   Charlotte Observer article  (registration required)quotes an undersecretary for food safety as saying, "the disease is not known to be transmissible through dairy products."  Let's say that I'm a bit underwhelmed by the level of certitude in that statement.  Politicians and bureaucrats are madly scrambling to contain Mad Cow Disease, or at least look like they're containing it.  Soon the recriminations will begin.  Who's fault is this anyway?  The cattle industry?  Government health and safety inspectors?  Politicians or judges who weaken regulations?  All of the above, but most importantly, it's YOUR fault.  That's right.  YOUR fault that there's beef in the food chain that can turn your brain into a "bowl full of jelly."  All you care about is that there's lots of food and it's all cheap.  That consumer pressure for volume and savings gets translated into all kinds of "innovative" agricultural practices.    Since World War II we've gone from an entirely organic, labor-intensive agriculture to a chemically based, genetically modified, industrialized agribusiness machine.  Huge tractors and combines have replaced mules and plows.  Chemical fertilizers have boosted the yield per acre dramatically.  Herbicides eliminated the need for humans wielding hoes.    Of late, the evolution has accelerated.  Rather than a network of thousands of small farmers supplying us with hogs and chickens, conglomerates like Tyson and Cargill raise tens of thousands of animals on one sight scientifically and efficiently.  Animals get fed antibiotics and high protein supplements from cradle to grave.  The result is that there's more food and cheaper food than ever before.  But there's no free lunch.  The consolidation and efficiency in modern agriculture has ruined rural communities.  There's no jobs anymore down on the farm, and young people are fleeing to cities and suburbs.  The downtown district in the small Missouri town where I used to live is literally falling down.    And there have been devastating environmental side effects from the industrialization of agriculture.  Those cheap, efficient hog factories dump thousands of gallons of effluent into rivers when their waste lagoons leak or rupture (which they do on a regular basis).  Mad Cow Disease is spread from feeding cattle a high protein formula made up of ground up brains and spinal cords of previously infected and slaughtered cattle.    It seems like common sense would tell us that turning the cows we slaughter into cannibals is bad.  It's also common sense that pumping thousands of gallons of hog manure into an unlined lagoon would pollute the water supply, especially in the sandy soil of eastern North Carolina, but we did that too.  The point is, nobody cares until there's a problem.  Nobody cares about where the food comes from, how its grown, whether or not the farmer got a fair price for it, so long as it's cheap and plentiful.  Until there's a problem.  It's time to start caring.  Obviouly there's a role for the government to play in food safety, but the most important role is played by the ones who eat food.  That's all of us.  We can begin by buying more organic foods.  Here, the federal government has helped the consumer by establishing tough standards for what foods can bear the organic label.  Buying organic is more expensive, but the cheaper non-organic foods are cheaper only because they're coming out of process that passes costs along to other locations.    Buying organic is certainly healthier.  As demand for organic foods increases, farmers will respond by putting more organic products on the market, and that added supply and competition will help moderate the cost.    And buying organic may be good for rural communities.  Raising crops with organic methods can be labor-intensive.  If consumers buy more organic foods, that may create more farming jobs in rural communities, and allow some small operators to stay in business rather than selling the farm to a bigger neighbor.  Now go dig in.  Merry Christmas!