 Text Week  is down this morning.  Probably crashed after desperate preachers everywhere began hitting the site looking for something to say tomorrow night.  Meanwhile I slog through   Barth on the Incarnation .  I should have done this reading earlier in Advent.  There's nothing much here about shepherds and angels, but a whole lot on the Annunciation and the doctrinal statement, "conceived by the Holy Ghost; born of the Virgin Mary."  Barth asks, Can we in good conscience speak of the Mother of Jesus as the Mother of God ( theotokos  in Greek)?  Roman Catholic and Orthodox Christians certainly do.  Barth says Yes, because the word  theotokos  reminds us that the one born of the Virgin Mary is the same one eternally begotten by the Father.  Unfortunately  theotokos  has been distorted by many accretions to Christian reflection on the Virgin Mary over the centuries.  Mary, it is said, was perpetually a virgin (a view held not only by Catholics but by early Protestants such as Martin Luther and Heinrich Bullinger).  Mary, it is taught, was also conceived without sin so that she could be a pure vessel for gestating the Son of God (the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception).  And Mary, it is added, didn't die.  She was assumed into heaven.  Barth doesn't make the obvious (Protestant) point that these accretions aren't testified to in scripture.  He argues that the Church went wrong on Mary when she became an independent topic of theological investigation, rather than a subordinate topic under Christology (the study of the person and work of Jesus).    What this leads to, says Barth, is an image of Mary as the partner with Christ in God's plan for salvation, and as partner, also necessarily a rival.  And where the Catholic Church has got it wrong about Mary, she has got it wrong about herself, for Mary is an icon of the Roman Catholic Church.  The Church, like Mary, occupies a relatively independent place in the redemptive process.    To all this, says Barth, Evangelicals can only respond with a resounding confession of the sovereignty of Christ who is Lord of Creation.  Faith in Christ has nothing to do with the reciprocity of the human creature toward God's plan of salvation.  True faith begins with renouncing all reciprocity, and acknowledging the shear power and graciousness of God in Christ to save.   Interestingly, the Catholic scholar Lawrence Cunningham makes the same observation about the turn in Mariology in a   somewhat recent article in Theology Today .  Cunningham, writing a half-century after Barth, also notes that the Second Vatican Council tried to reign in an independently functioning Mariology.  He cites the 1994  Catechism of the Catholic Church  which states, "What the Catholic Church believes about Mary is based on what it believes about Christ, and what it teaches about Mary illumines in turn what it teaches about Christ."  He also notes (approvingly?) that some contemporary Catholic scholars have called for a halt in new pronouncements about Mary until the ecemenical impact of any such announcement can be evaluated.  Nervousness still lingers in the Catholic Church that the last act of a dying Pope may be to declare Mary  co-redemptrix  with Christ.  For me, Mary is more evidence that God chooses "things that are not to bring to nothing the things that are so that no one might boast in the presence of God" (1 Corinthians).  God chooses a barren, elderly couple to be the parents of a chosen people.  God chooses a vigilante to be the great lawgiver.  God chooses the youngest son of Jesse, a poor shepherd, to be king of Israel.  God chooses a persecutor of the church to become the church's most effective evangelist.  And finally, God chooses, who else?  A virgin to give birth to God's son.  What a weird, mischievious God we serve, a God who is always turning things upside down!