I'm reading   Volume I.2 . of Karl Barth's  Church Dogmatics  as background for my sermons on Christmas Eve and January 4.  It takes Barth 800 pages to say anything, so I have to slog through a seemingly endless methodological discussion before I get to the shepherds and wise men.  I haven't yet found anything applicable to our candlelight service, but Barth has stimulated in me new interest in evangelism.    The Incarnation is the event in which God reveals himself to us.  For Barth there is no "proving" this event.  One cannot begin with a general idea of "God," a set of convictions about human nature, and then logically argue that something like what the New Testament says happened on Christmas is reasonable.  Nor will it do, says Barth, to begin with certain ideas about the attributes of God, find their purest form in Jesus and say, "Aha!  There is the God-Man!"  The Eternal Word taking human flesh in order to speak God's good news of reconciliation is a self-authenticating event.  There's no way to argue or reason oneself to the truth of that event.  Argument and reason flow from the Incarnation, not toward it.    An obvious complaint about Barth is that he's fideistic.  That is, he uses faith to prove faith claims.  But Barth insists that if we try to argue or reason our way to embracing the Incarnation on some basis other than the incarnation itself, then our theologies are really idolatries.  Only the Incarnation can tell us what God is like.  Barth says that   this oil painting  by Matthias Grunewald illustrates his theological method.  Note that the face of the Christ child is bathed in the light of the Father.  Both Mary and the angels in the sanctuary to the left fix their gazes on his radiant face.  There's no way to peek behind that curtain to see God directly.  Only by looking at Jesus Christ can we see who God is.    I remember back in college listening to a preacher on NC State's brickyard who was trying to prove the existence of God to a skeptical audience.  "If you see a watch lying on the ground, then you know that somewhere, there's a watchmaker," he said.  "So too, as we look at the world around us.  If there's a creation, then there has to be a Creator."    I imagine that Barth would have no patience with this argument, and not only because it can't withstand the compelling and essentially atheistic account of the natural world posed by evolutionary biology.  If Barth were standing in the brickyard, what would he say?  Perhaps something as simple as quote 2 Corinthians 5:19.  "God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself."  But what of the inevitable retort, "Prove it!"  or even a softer, "Why should I believe you?"  What would Barth say to that?    I haven't read enough Barth to give an informed answer, but my guess is that he would say something like what Philip said to Nathaniel in John 1.  When Philip announced that he'd found in Jesus of Nazareth what all Israel was looking for, and Nathaniel scoffed, asking, "Can anything good come out of Nazareth?"  Philip replied, "Come and see."    Come and see.  The only "proof" that "God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself" is to follow Christ.  That means attending those events where the Event of the Incarnation is remembered, the proclaiming of God's Word and the sharing in the sacraments.