"The truth will be revealed," President Bush assured the troops in Qatar.  Both he and Prime Minister Blair express confidence that somewhere, in all that sand, a canister or two of nerve gas is waiting to be unearthed.    Give Blair credit:  he's said that locating and destroying weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is paramount.  It was THE rationale for war.  No WMD, no rationale for war, and no credibility for the Blair government.  But on this side of the Atlantic, Bush's sycophants in the press are trying to lower expectations.    Kathleen Parker  writes,   We entered Iraq with Oz-like expectations, wide-eyed in search of a yellow brick road lined with happy Iraqis pointing to the brightly colored arrows, "Weapons of Mass Destruction Here!"   Did you hear that?  If you're disappointed that they haven't found anything yet, it's  your  fault.  But who raised your expectations to Oz-like levels?  Your government did.  The Bush administration told you and the world, in no uncertain terms, that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and war was the only way to disarm them.  It's the military that's expressed the most astonishment that nothing's turned up.  I read of one general who stated that his troops had gone through countless ammunition depots and other Iraqi military facilities, but had found nothing.  He confessed to being "surprised."  Those silly generals, off to see the WMD wizard.  Parker says, "Pay no mind to that man behind the curtain.  Pay no attention to the elephant in the living room.  Worry not that you might have been lied to by your government, or that, at the least, your government made a mountain out of a molehill."  Parker says that we ought to worry about where those weapons got to.  Ah, I see.  War's failure to locate and destroy WMD in Iraq becomes the justification for--more war.  War on Syria.  War on Iran.  In the car Tuesday, I heard an NPR guest report that the names of wars change over time.  For instance, few people referred to the Civil War as such between 1861 and 1865.  Northern newspapers called it, "The Rebellion," while southern papers called it "The War of Northern Aggression."    I can already see a new name taking shape for The War on Terror:  The Second Hundred Years War.