I've been meaning to follow up on   this earlier post  about the authority of scripture, as San Diego Presbyterians understand it.    Essential Tenets and Reformed Distinctives  makes a very strong claim for the formal authority of scripture, but contains no guidelines about how to interpret scripture.  Specifically, the authors don't mention the "rule of love" that several Reformed confessions stress, ie. Does our interpretation of scripture enhance love of God and neighbor?    This is an important omission because it directly relates to our use of scripture and the homosexuality debate in the   Presbyterian Church (USA).   Indeed, that debate seems to lurk behind much of the arguments put forth in ETRD.  If one comes to the scriptures with a loathing of homosexual behavior, then it's easy to find confirmation of your views, especially using the methodology of ETRD.  For example, If the scriptures are our supreme authority (as ETRD asserts), and if scripture condemns homosexuality (as I imagine the authors believe it does), then the church has no choice but to condemn homosexuailty, no matter what the psychologists or doctors or our homosexual friends and family members are saying, because, as ETRD asserts, no other human authority can trump scripture.    But the Rule of Love asks about the motivation behind this chain of logic.  Is condemning homosexual behavior an act of love for the homosexual?  Do we really care about these people?  Or do we simply think that boys kissing boys is gross, and Leviticus and Romans gives cover to our prejudices?  The Rule of Love also needs to be remembered as we watch the evening news.  The Islamic nihilism we see at work in Osama bin Laden's Al Qaeda organization is Exhibit A for what happens when the reading of sacred texts and the living out of a religious tradition is not tempered by love.  Christians (and Muslims of good will) ought never miss an opportunity to stress the need for love to guide every interpretation of scripture.  An appeal to love is not a fig-leaf for "everything goes."  It is certainly an act of love to encourage a person to break off an adulterous affair.  I do wonder why it is that adulterers as a group are not reviled in the way that homosexuals as a group are reviled.  Certainly the one cheated on may despise his/her unfaithful spouse, but I can't imagine that the random hate crime perpetrated against Matthew Shepard would be perpetrated against a random philanderer.  And since I wonder about that, I wonder about condemning homosexuailty in the name of upholding "the authority of scripture."