A couple noteworthy reactions to the capture of Saddam Hussein:   So another totalitarian bastard-of-a-tyrant was pulled from a hole and will be stuck in a threadbare, dank apartment, and that we can applaud. But what about the tyrants – here at home – that have decapitated American liberty by convincing a populace that we needed to usurp an entire nation that had not ever posed a single threat to our American homeland?   Easy, Gentle Reader.  I know you're outraged that some loony leftist, probably Michael Moore or HOWARD DEAN (note angry tone, use of profanity), established moral equivalency between our God-fearing President and Attorney General and one of Allah's cast-offs.  But before you fire off a letter-to-the-editor, you should know that I found the above quote at the anti-tax, anti-welfare state, rabidly capitalist, extreme right wing web site run by Libertarian   Lew Rockwell .  Here's another one:   I felt pity to see this man destroyed, (the military) looking at his teeth as if he were a cow. They could have spared us these pictures.   You're bewildered, Gentle Reader.  I know.  Just how can these tree-hugging, vegetarian, parasitic pacifists, living under the umbrella of the U.S. military in comfortable places like Berkeley, California, possibly feel compassion for a war criminal like Saddam?  Is there no end to their pathetically naive view of the world?  Sigh.  Probably not.  But that's beside the point.  The second quote comes from   Cardinal Renato Martino  of the Roman Catholic Church.  Not quite head of the political science department at Berkeley, but just as liberal, just as relativistic, just as humanistic, right?  My point?  There are a few people out there who are still "conservative" in the true sense of the word.  The hold to old fashioned doctrines like, "We shouldn't start wars," and "Love your enemies."  They are voices crying in the wilderness.  They've been displaced by radicals and imperialists who call themselves "conservatives," or the less disingenuous term "neoconservatives," but they're there, and they're still shooting their mouths off.  May their tribe increase.