Let's return to a topic I raised last week--  the essential tenets of the Reformed faith  as expressed in the confessions of the Presbyterian Church.    San Diego Presbytery  has identified six essentials and seven distinctives that are the essence of our Reformed tradition in a paper titled   Essential Tenets and Reformed Distinctives .  This post will look at their first essential tenet, the Authority of Scripture.  It's pretty straightforward.  The Bible is God's written Word.  It's the Church's first and last authority.  We are to "love, follow, obey, surrender and submit to God's Word--both Jesus Christ, the living Word of God, and the Scriptures, the written Word."  The first generations of Protestant Reformers sought to elevate the authority of scripture over against the teachings of church councils and authorities.  ETRD would take a stand on scripture alone not so much against fallible and even corrupt ecclesiastical authorities as against secular ideologies.  It denies any doctrine "that attempts to subordinate biblical authority to   any   human authority... whether religious, ecclesiastical, governmental, political, economic, psychological, sociological, scientific, historical, philosophical or other..."  (emphasis mine).  The paper also insists that the facts of Jesus' life death and resurrection are historically true, and that biblical doctrine and ethics cannot be overturned.  The writers of this section are clearly preoccupied with shoring up the left flank of the church.  This treatment of scriptural authority has no patience for a developmental understanding of Christianity that might give permission to alter traditional church teachings in light of "new information" on, say, homosexuality.  They will not concede one iota to the modern world view that only what is observable, repeatable and verifiable can be "true."  I wonder if this bulwark against liberalism might not be a confessional Maginot Line.  In other words, is there a right flank that defenders of the Reformed faith might also want to defend?  The   Confession of 1967  states that while the Bible is the Word of God, it is "nevertheless the words of men, conditioned by the language, thought forms and literary fashions of the places and times in which they were written...  The church, therefore, has an obligation to approach the Scriptures with literary and historical understanding."    The Study Catechism  (not a confessional document, but a good reflection on current, mainstream Presbyterian thought) offers this question and answer:  "Doesn't modern critical scholarship undermine your belief that Holy Scripture is a form of God's Word? No.  The methods of modern scholarship are a good servant but a bad master.  They are neither to be accepted nor rejected uncritically.  Properly used they can help us rightly and richly interpret scripture; improperly used they can usurp the place of faith.  Wise interpreters use these methods in the service of faithful witness and understanding.  The methods of modern scholarship remain a useful tool, while Holy Scripture remains reliable in all essential matters of faith and practice."  ETRD might have been stronger on this tenet had they acknowledged that historical and literary criticism can help us understand God's Word without reducing the Bible to "mere history" or "a good read."  As I said last week, the fundamentalists are long gone from the PC(USA), but it would be good to remind ourselves that mainline Presbyterians don't read the Bible with their heads stuck in the sand.  Jesus Christ, ETRD will remind us later, is fully human and fully God.  If that's the ontology of the Living Word, might we not say the same thing about the Written Word, that the Bible is fully human and fully God?  Perhaps this Christological formula is behind C-67's statement that the Bible is the Word of God and "the words of men."  Sociology, psychology and history aren't the final authority for Reformed Christians, but they can help us explore the "true humanity" of holy scripture.