Yesterday morning they said that France and Germany couldn't win contracts to rebuild Iraq.  Yesterday afternoon they're on the phone with the Presidents of France and Germany, asking them to forgive Iraq's debt.  These people never cease to amaze me.  Don't get me wrong.  I'm one of those "forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors" people.  They should forgive Iraq's debts.  It should be all about the well being of the long suffering Iraqi people, not about political revenge.  AND, if their companies can do the best work for the best price, they should get a slice of the rebuilding pie.  Again, it should be all about the well being of the long suffering Iraqi people, not about political revenge.  Now that Gore's endorsed Dean, there's much angst among the Beltway punditry about who can stop Howard Dean.  Because somebody needs to stop him, right?  Because Dean's got as much chance of   winning the South as that other New England Democrat  who ran for President against George Bush.  Sigh.  When incumbents run for re-election, the election is a referrendum on the incumbent.  It's never about the challenger.  (According to my brother, anyway).    This incumbent has two problems at the moment, Iraq and the economy.  If he can solve both of those problems, he'll probably win, no matter who's running against him.  If people at home are still jobless next fall, and soldiers in Iraq are still dying, the Bush will probably lose, no matter which Donkey runs against him.  If he splits, then the race is a toss-up.  Of course something else could happen, another major terrorist attack, a scandal that the press would actually pay attention to (unlike Harkin Oil, Cheney's cronies profiteering in Iraq, etc., etc.)  My brother and I are agreed that all that's left for Dean to do is pick a running mate.  I suggested to John that the Doctor crash a Wesley Clark rally and ask him to be his Veep right there on the stage.  John, a Republican, liked the idea.  It would interject a little WWF attitude into the Democratic race, he said.  Surely that would help Dean down here in Nuture Boy land.