How could I have let yesterday pass without acknowledging the passing of one of the all-time great college basketball coaches, Norm Sloan?  Stormin' Norman probably coached the best basketball player in ACC history.  Yes, David Thompson was superior to Michael Jordan as a COLLEGE athlete.  Sloan probably coached the best ACC basketball teams ever, the '73 and '74 Wolfpack.  Sloan was the winning coach in the best ACC basketball game ever, State's victory over Maryland in the '74 ACC Champoinship game.  And Sloan's victory over Bill Walton, John Wooden and the rest of UCLA in route to a national champoinship ended the longest streak of national titles in college basketball history.  We had a Sunday morning tradition in my family.  We woke up, ate breakfast, and watched the Norm Sloan Show, hosted by Nick Pond and later by... Oh, what's that guy's name?  He was the sports reporter for Channel 11.  Then we'd go to church.    When Stormin' Norman bolted for the University of Florida, and Jim Valvano replaced him, my mother never failed to comment on how the new coach wasn't as well dressed as the old coach.  Jimmy V wore a sweatsuit on the coach's show.  Sloan always showed up in a sportcoat and dress slacks.  True, the sportcoat was a red, plaid thing, but Mom approved, and that's what's important.  Do the clothes make the man?  The casually dressed Jimmy V coached the Wolfpack to a national championship, just as Stormin' Norman did.  And Jimmy V, like his predesessor, also managed to get State put on probation.  I'd have to say the answer is No.  The clothes do not make the man.  I would be remiss, and John Hinkle would fire off an angry email at me, if I didn't mention that Stormin' Norman got his start at   Presbyterian College .  To hear Hinkle tell it, Sloan would pull out of Clinton SC every June with a trunk full of cash, and return with an empty trunk and a back seat full of Blue Hose basketball players.    Ah, those were the days.  Stormin' Norman in his red plaid sportscoat, Lefty Drisell breaking foot kicking a chair, and State winning championships every now and again.  Now it's the gum smacking mediocrity of Herb Sendek.  To Herb's credit, he hasn't gotten us put on probation.  Hmm.  Maybe there's more than a coincidence there...