Warning.  This is a long post on Reformed theology and Presbyterian ordination standards...  When Presbyterian elders are ordained, they must affirm that they "receive the essential tenets of the Reformed faith as expressed in the confessions of our church as authentic and reliable expositions of what scripture leads us to believe and do."  So every year when I lead officer training I do a session on the   Book of Confessions .  With the exception of the   Apostles' Creed , a fixture in our Sunday morning worship service, elders-elect are usually unfamiliar with this collection of ancient and modern theological affirmations.    Unfamiliar and uncomfortable.  "Just how much of this do we have to sign off on?" a wary elder-elect once asked me as we began delving into the confessions.    It's not just a question for elders and sessions.  Presbyterian ministers must make the same affirmation about the confessions that elders do.  I co-chair our presbytery's Committee on Preparation for Ministry (CPM).  When seminary students move through the preparation for ministry process, they have to demonstrate a personal faith that is shaped by the Reformed tradition.  Our CPM has no formal criteria for determining if an applicant is "sufficiently Reformed" in his/her theological outlook.  Sometimes I think that what Potter Stewart said about pornography could just as easily be applied to our evaluation process:  Reformed?  I can't define it, but I know it when I see it.  Another way of putting it is to ask, Just what are the "essential tenets" of the Reformed confessions that candidates and elders-elect must affirm in their ordination vows?  If one could identify them, and ask folks where they line up regarding them, all parties might be clearer about just what it is that people are "signing off on" when they make their ordination vows, and whether or not they can "sign off" in good conscience.  That said, the larger church has been reluctant to pin things down.  "  The Confessional Nature of the Church " (hereafter, TCNC), a study paper approved by the 198th General Assembly (1986), notes that Presbyterians have repeatedly rejected attempts to make a precise enumeration of essential tenets, apart from a brief list of general theological affirmations in chapter two of the Form of Government.  That list mentions some Reformed watchwords:  sovereignty, covenant, stewardship, etc.  (I imagine that when our CPM sees or hears these words in a candidate's faith statement, our "inner gatekeeper" breathes a sigh of relief).    TCNC casts this reluctance in a positive light.  It prevents the confessions from being interpreted in a legalistic manner.  It encourages the very study of the confessions that is presumed by the ordination vow to be "continually guided" by our confessions.  Now   San Diego Presbytery  has rushed in where the denomination has feared to tread.  In June the presbytery approved a document titled   Essential Tenets and Reformed Distinctives  (hereafter, ETRD) for use by its CPM and Committee on Ministry as they evaluate candidates for ordination and ministers transferring into the presbytery.  The document "distills the 300 pages of the Book of Confessions to a helpful summary"--six essential tenets and seven points of theological distinctiveness.  The presbytery also commends the paper to the denomination for study and for training newly elected elders.  Fools they are not, however.  ETRD argues persuasively that a Potter Stewart approach to examining people up for ordination may leave CPMs and sessions feeling like they have no choice but to pass along folks they're uneasy about because they lack specific criteria on which to base a "No" response.  Written 15 years after TCNC, you get the feeling that ETRD is less worried about a legalism that imprisons church officers in a doctrinal straight jacket, and more worried that the boundaries of the Reformed tradition have been stretched beyond the breaking point.  Presbyterians are trying to play baseball without foul lines, and the game is not going well.  With this document San Diego Presbyterians have gotten out the chalk, and are declaring what's fair and what's foul.   	 To this extent, I believe that the authors of ETRD are on target.  The fundamentalists are long gone from the PC(USA).  But a vague humanitarianism that pooh-poohs doctrine and claims that "all you need is love" is alive and well.  Though it is vital to "love thy neighbor as thyself," Jesus teaches us that the greatest commandment is to "love the Lord your God with all your heart, soul, mind and strength" (emphasis mine).  Doing theolog (literally, "God-talk") well is an end unto itself.  Also, our   Book of Order  asserts that "truth is in order to goodness."  In order to love one's neighbor well, it is necessary to think about and glorify the God who created, redeemed and sustains our neighbor.  ETRD admits that it's a working document, subject to change.  It denies that candidates have to subscribe to specific language set forth in the document.  It welcomes persons who can express core convictions in fresh language.  It claims to be a conversation starter and a tool for use by sessions, CPMs and COMs.  So long as San Diego Presbytery takes these qualifiers seriously as they use ETRD, there will be little danger that this approach to evaluating candidates will degenerate into a new, stifling scholasticism.  Having said that, there's much in the report that I take issue with (and much I concur with).  Over the next few days I'm going to comment on what ETRD identifies as the core elements of Reformed theology and their treatment of these various topics.  If you're interested, stay tuned.