Edits, edits, edits   Yes, I am gettting ready like hel for this Dark Future slam at Bowery. I think I have my Apocalypse thing down good. I will post it here and get some insight from the three people that surf my blog.   Yesterday was my day to go the Freshstart meeting. Simplly put, it was a waste of time. What i said at the meeting, I could have said it on e-mail and the phone. I hope it is good brownie points for Louder and me. At least I walked in Professionally as possible and spoke pretty articulate.   This is my weekend and it seems that I will veg at home at my lap top writing and editing. I have two poems for the dark future slam and I need one more. I am working hard for that slam. I think I am going comedic for the last poem. If I have a good lead, I think I could pull off a funny poem. Then again, I am to new to use strategy.   Tell me what you think about this poem, just leave the comment in the Guesbook.  Peace   Fisrt Round Poem on July 3rd  " Destruction on Dependance Day"   MY APOCALYPSE The winds of Apocalypse have been transformed into the sands of Armageddon. Skies reddened with reflective flames consuming life A deep sucking gasp of air supplying murder to young fathers ,   death to young mothers,     mayhem to my generaton A creation of a 2003 holocaust that will blemish our history Tarnish our minds; feed ignorant ego’s Think about upstate Reservoirs poisoned by chemicals by religious fanatics Death within your NYC water The filter connected in the kitchen becoming a machinary of death Rotting supplies of food paving ways for disease 	Ctown, Pathmark, Keyfood selling your death Violence has no meaning, it is now survival Stolen elections a minor memory    as Governments collapse with no control  Anarchy, looting, chaos, opportunity is not priority Government pandering media moguls no longer able to hide truth and injustice because Con Edison has exploded Electricity powers nothing 9/11 now seems tame	 Doctors are no longer  saviors Beth Israel is no longer a safe haven Tri-state fires have no ending  An unforgiving fire threatens you A living breathing beast that will kill your family, destroy your home What are you going to do? with Common colds becoming the new black plague Ebola on your block,  Anthrax in your neighborhood,  SARS in your lungs,  HIV in your blood,  Which will you get?  Which will kill you?  As mother earth shows her anger, where will you accept her murder of you? Overpowering repugnant odors of death reminding you;  your time is near Chunks of flesh at strewn every street corner Pieces of bones crunching under fleeing footsteps God is not hearing cries Allah doesn’t know you Buddha meditated his way to his OWN safety Krishna has turned a deaf ear Body mounted upon  body Screams trapped in the bottom of your stomach with no chance of an exit Glass breaking and children crying Suicide and homicides resemble  Our Skyscrapers tilt, buckle, and crumble like a relentless waterfall No bridges to escape, 	Washington Bridge, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and so on…destroyed  Dust in a pseudo tango with metal and concrete Subways stop as tunnels fold on top of themselves Lincoln tunnels and Holland crack and kill hundreds to maybe thousands by drowning “ See , Nature and man’s ignorance has a wrath like no other “ Finger numbing winds cracking the skin around your face Mid Country Tornado’s giving strength to East Coast hurricanes Over Sea Typhoons born under west coast earthquakes Man has darkened the sky Nuclear clouds block the sun Air is thin Trees die Grass doesn’t grow Animals are helpless Avalanche burying country side NJ mansions    with rock slides, mudslides obliterating all The Hudson River and the East river meet at 5th avenue Land over run by crushing white walls of water  The earth is fighting to survive    It’s atrocities bled upon a defenseless race  With continents shifting, sinking, and imploding Earthly  cracks open and swallow populations whole Ashes fall upon our city our city becomes ash It’s Time to start over it's time to start over It's time to start over Where will you be?   Fish