Plays, prose, Poetry, and some other crazyness   Good morning folks,  ANother installment of my blog today. I just thought of something. Many of the blogs that read tend to write about some deep minding life altering moments and revelations. I tend to just write about my previous day and how I felt about it. Hmmmm.... Ok..... Let me enter some profound shit now.  " Go to bed with itchy ass, wake with smelly finger "  Ok  I'm a prophet.  Well, last night my Partner and I headed to the " Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance ". They had a show consisting of (from what I saw) Comedy, short excerpts of plays, Spoken word, interpretive dance with Poetry. This was the first time that I headed to this spot. I fell instantly in love with this spot. It had a dance floor ( not a dance floor like a club). It was for shows and stuff. The establishment had bleacher seating and great lighting. It wasn't Radio City Music hall but to see something like this in Hunts Point, it was awesome.  The show consisted of several people going up when their time was due. They did whatever they were supposed to perform and then move on. I would write what I liked most about the show but I will write about the worst moment. ( it makes for better writing )  So, I have been around the Spoken Word scene and I hae seen some winners ( Can you smell the sarcasm ?). I have seen some dudes read a poem for 9 mins and said absolutey NOTHING. I have seen some people just plain suck!! If You want a list of who they are , e-mail me and I will gladly tell you. Now, last night this dude went up and he ran an excerpt of his one man show. It was a 5 page poem of how he was living with someone that refused to flush after he used the bathroom. I give the guy credit that he got a set of balls that clank to get up there and read total garbage. He siad that writing to him was therapeauticand an alternative to a life of violence. I thought he was going to read some shit that would make Buddha go " YOU da MAn ". Yet, he actually made me want to leave. Wait, I did leave after him. I wasn't going to let this guy taint what little I have learned with saying " load and camode", Joint and Point, rush and flush" .  I supported brotha Guy last night while he read his poetry. He did his thing and most of the poetry was actually really good. One our our next features also read last night and SHIT....... Oscar made an excellent pick last night. He did really well.  Since last night I was almost Oscar's date, I had to take him out to dinner to negate everything. That motherfucker was about to put a skirt on me. He paid for my ticket to the show and brought me a soda. I said, oh no, this motherfucker is thinking some shit. So, I went and brought some popeye's chciken last night. I love that place. It is one step after White Castle.  I came home last night and made a quick shot to the bed. I was tired and I had to get up early to get here today. As you can see by this entry, that didn't happen.  We have a long weekend and I don't have plans at all. I am most likely going to Poetically Incorrect Saturday. After that, my weekend is open and most likely I will just edit and edit and edit and edit some pieces. I have two slams coming up and I am really preparing for them. I need to at least be competitive.  So let me write some more personal attributes of my life. I am feeling ok today. I was really out of it for a little bit but I am back on track and I am just " staying grounded ". These are probably the best words I have ever heard come from anyone's mouth. I have so much going on and want to go to so many places, I have lost track of who I was and what got me here. So, my life is my life and I needed to get it together. I feel better and I am happier today then what I was .  So, on that note. I hope you all have a great weekend and eat some BBQ!!!  Sign my guest book at least before you fucking leave!!!!!!  Peace, Love, Bless not stress  Fish