Sushi and tits   Wow, what a combination!!!!!!  Yesterday was a better day then most. I felt pretty good and did sevewral things that I could consider constructive. I sold 2 more Cd's and I have three on hold until the money gets to my hands from Albany and Florida.I am going National with " 5 past 13 ". I am going to call my ex in California and tell her to get in contact with her co-workers that are mainly spread around the fucking globe. It is just a little self-defeating that I have to pay postage out of my own pocket. That is ok, I'll charge my company!!  LOL  Last night was a really nice night. I was invited to a small dinner/ going away party at Ray's house ( fellow poet ). His friend Elaine is going back to Monetreal so we all got together in his house and had a " Take out " party. Everyone that got there just ordered take out food. I have been in the mood for sushi for such a long time, so I ordered some sushi and it was ok. We all had a nice time just talking about a variety of topics. Ray and several people headed to the room and started jamming and that was awesome. Live music in one of the most laid back atmosphere's I have been in a very long time.  After the sushi ( Which made my stomach twist in several different directions ), we made our way out of there. It has been a long time so I headed to one of my pre-poetry jaunts in Queens. Dumbarton's IS ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I thought the place was going to be different but not one single thing has changed.  The only thing missing was the smoke. Besides that, about 10 girls dancing and trying to make money. I knew 2 of them from my " going to a strip bar everyday " days. They acted like if I died. " Whre you been?" , " Oh my God, Where have you been "?... oooooooohhhhhhhhh............ fuck you!!!! This one Dominican chic was high as fuck. I gave her my voucher to get her away from me and she drank her shot and it went straight to her head. She is straight up crazy. I asked her about doing a bachalor party in September but sure enough, she was pissed at me because I didn't get a dance with her.  I waved good bye to her and she actually rolled her eyes at me. I was like, damn, they are pretty hard up for money these days. So, my search for strippers for this party has officially started.   So..... sushi and tetas for the evening.  Not much really impressed me. They had this one chic that was pushing at least 280 pounds. I am joking you not. SHe had the ass of walrus and elephant mixed. What amazed me was that she was actually gettting guys to buy dances. Shallow Hal is in effect!!!!!!!!!  :)  Peace