Good Freakin Morning!!!   Just got to work and I am writing to my hearts content. I feel much better today. As you know from yesterday's entry, I was hating the world and I chose to stay away from everybody. Today, I am not in the " I hope everybody dies " mode. If you would have died yesterday, I wouldn't even have paid the news any mind. Today, I might care. :-)  Well, I spent most of my evening writing last night and fiddling with my new phone. I brought a house phone with caller I.D and answering from AT&T. It cost 89 bucks at the store. Yet, catch a crackhead with a box of them selling them for 20 bucks each and you offer him ten bucks take it or leave it, and, hip hip hoooray...........new phone!! It is kinda cool. It is nice and loud ( my hearing is fucked up) and it has an answering machine with caller I.D. I can't go wrong for 10 dollars  Yesterday, a young lady signed my guestbook ( yes, PEOPLE CAN DO THAT YA BASTARDS) and she mentioned that she was on my list several years back. You see, when I first had access to e-mail in my job, that is when I really started writing some serious shit. I used to steal every single e-mail possible and just send out these e-mails that I called " Fishism's ". They were just simple rantings and freewrites about whatever topic I felt about sharing. Basically, the brunt of them were about fat chics and blowjobs. I just went overboard and wrote the most raunchy and nasty notes that would make people go " oh god that guy is sick ". Still, people tended to read them and they loved them. When I started writing Poetry 90% of the time, I stopped writing my fishism to concentrate more on my poetry and all the work that I had to get done.Some people will never forget those Fishisms and all the crazy content that went with them.  I am taking this opportunity to come back from my little mental hole that I dug yesterday. There are soo many people that I love and I can't live without.   Firstly, Eric and Oscar... These two dudes are my heart. Eric with 9 years of a hardcore friendship that has helped me through the lowest moments of my life. Oscar that single handedly jumped start my writing and has grown to be probably the most influential man in my writing in the past 2 years.  I think about these two and no matter how bad things are, we have had some moments that put a smile on my face.  There is my moms and pops, I need nothing else to say that these two people have pumped life into me. I love them dearly.  So many people and not enough time to show that love.  I feel good today.   I got love for all of you that have graced this blog today. I hope all is well.  Peace Love Bless not stress  Thanks for that e-mail dude..... the e-mail  " fell in my Lap" and it made sense.