I am in the house   Well, I am at home and I will stay here. I wanted to show some love to the first time " Poetry Hill " at st Nicks but with the bad mood that I am in, I won't be to productive haveing people look at me wondering if I wanted to kill everything and everybody.   So, time to write some profound, prodigal shit. Here goes............  My life as Fish...    I am 32 years old and it seems that is the only thing that is good in my life.  I am a writer with a forte in Poetry. I have taken part in Slams, facilitated workshops, ran venue's, bonded with some great people. This is about as positive as it gets.  I am the perfect image of a ghetto nightmare. I have stories that makes the average human being cringe. I am saddened every day of my waking life by memories of suicide, murder, incarceration, drug use, abandonment. My Poetry talks about my life and every fucked up moment I could think of in the ghetto. Is this poetry?? How much longer will people take my images and rants of ghetto jaunts. How much writing can I possibly do until someone pulls my card and says " Can you write anythng else besides ghetto stuff?" After I break their jaw, then what?  Today was a hard day for me. I spent most of my day alone and only spoke to one friend in which I never thought I would confide in. She helped me because she too is going to something similar with a break-up with someone that she has spent 18 months with. I have someone in my life tat I am completely torn over. I wanted this woman in every sense of the word. I chased her down and I won her heart. I treated her as I treat any woman that I know is worthy to be treated as a queen. I introduced her to my parents and I was convinced that my life was going to be with this beautiful, sexy, intelligient woman. Somewhere along the line, I found myself getting increasingly aggravated. I found myself disagreeing and arguing over the smallest of reasons. I wanted to be best left alone more and more. My yearning for commitment grew strong while my taste for the solitary eclipsed almost everything. I continously battle demonsto progress in life. I knew in my life that I was destined to be a failure. I accepted it and I made it work for me. As my destiny proved incorrect, I amwriting my way into a placce in history. Someone has to write about something. That person will be me. Unfortunately, it seems that I will do this alone.  There is a woman that is incredible in every sense of the word and I can't be with her.  I have gone through several relationships and this is the end result. I am the failure in relationships and I have to fix that. I have to take some important steps to become something better. Hopefully, I can do this and be fair to any woman that comes into my life. My life..... MY life....... My life is really sucking today.  This would make for a great poem but it is just more out and out bullshit that I am writing in this journal to get it out f my system. I keep a seprate journal that I have written in for about 9 years now. Every single day, I write what I feel and it turns out to be a good way to get it out of my system.  I was really close to saying fuck everything today. I used to be very self-destructive and not care about shit. Just put everything behind me and keep on walking. For some reason, I have pt so much energy and love into my writing, I can't give up on it. Writing never gave up on me, I can't give up on it. There is so much that I would love to do and get done. I am ust taking my time and letting things come to me as they see fit. I am not a chaser of some things. I let things kinda fall in my lap. That is how my life and writing pretty much has gone, My uppercase fell in my lap and I made that a night to remember. My collective membership fell in my lap, my features, my hosting, my venue. Then again, did it fall in my lap or did I work hard to make it all pay off?  Well, time to go work on my Dignity piece. I feel like shit but my words heal. It is weird  I ranted and made no sense but that is the purpose of this..... Just to write and get things out