Opinion of first time Poetry Listener   What's up folks,   Just got to the job early and I have to tell you that I hate coming here early. Last night I headed out with a couple of friends for birthday dinner. It was owed to me since January. So, I collected last night. It was cool hanging out with these two girls because they were such an important part of my life for many years. We were almost inseparabe for a while. So, being with them last night, it was really cool.  We headed to eat at a small place that ignited a furious sense of patriotism. Thy loved the spot and I am glad that we hung out. We kept everything more on a general level because I didn't want to get into gushing of emotions. The 3 of us hung last night and all three of us have been jaded in relationships. One girl was dumped after 9 years. Another was dumped after 7 years. I told my significant other that I needed to be alone after 4 months but it hurt just the same. So, My shoulder wasn't palnning on bing cried on last night so everything was kept on a " nice talkative level"  Heading to the restaurant, they asked me about my poetry and I ran down my list of what I have been doing. I mentioned the CD and the magic words were said " I would love to hear it" . Heehee.......I threw on the Cd and mentioned Roger and went to track four. About 3 mins later and I had a whole new look at the newbie coming to Bar 13. She said that she doesn't dig " hate " poetry. I was like " hate " poetry ??? I proceeded to tell her that there is a huge difference between " hate " poetry and " reality" poetry. So, she was a person that was looking for , the world is great, happy, good, and perfect place to live Poetry. I told her to listen to Track 8 and she like Oscar's Battlefield piece. So, with that on the table. It made me think. It is such a crapshoot to impress newbie's and whatever else comes to the bar. I wanted to invite her to 13 but knowing what we have on the mic, I will let her come at her own being.  All in all, I had a great time with them and it felt as if everything was good. No problems, no issues....... Just food and laughter.  I will be at Bar 13 tonight and most likely I will be at the door. Just for the record, if you come through, BUY a Fucking CD!!!!!!   Cono..... DOn't be cheap!!  Peace