Wow, last night was an interesting slam. That is in my eyes of course. I made it to Bar 13 through a headache that wanted to rip my eyes out of my head and make me swallow the little juice that fills up my eyebals. That is the type of headache that I had last night. I even asked Lenny to go to the store for me and pick up some advils. You know it was bad if I had to ask someone to get me Advils. It was the Hot and cold shit that was killing me yesterday.  Ok, Back to 13. Last night was the Mini showcase, feature, semi-final slam. The showcase was a nice mix of who knows what. My headache was pounding and I barely remembered my name last night. I think I remember Nasdak reading because he had a good bye party so he was kinda the honored guest and all.   I am going to get to the feature beause this girls is beyond incredible. Her name is Maya Azuzena and she was belting out some tunes last night that made people cry. I am not relgious in the least, she had me singing along with her gospel and all. She has a voice and displays it with such a fucking ferocity that it makes hairs stand on end.  The slam cam and went and now some fears are seriously coming into play. This chic Claudia made the finals with her quirky little Poetry and just plain ol weirdness. Shappy made it and I was happy. I love his style and I had fiath in him. What kills me is that his homstead of Urbana failed to get him into the finals. Maybe Shappy should get a Bar 13 homestead. Second place was this Claudia chic. I knew after the second time around the judges were digging her. Not by the scores but by who was judging. That is another story. Marty came in Third and I was happy for her. I admire the hell out of Marty. She is really genuine. The brain that she has in her head is not even right. How can someone have that much knowledge. Some fuckers were discounting Marty for this final but I had faith in her. She did well and I am proud of her.  So, another Monday come and gone from " A little bit Louder    " mondays. I went home and made my usual White Castle stop. Oscar actually owes me some food that little bastard. I am pretty good the way things are turning out with me. I might have an opportunity to write for a magazine. I am thinking of starting school in September. I am reading poet after poet. Life is really coming together.  Next week is Acentos and I am happy about that. I have put flyers on cars and tonight I am going out to do some more spots. We need to do our thing to get everyone out.   OK, How do I feel today?? well, I am good. I kinda thirsty for more but if I rush it, I will get all fucked up. I am taking my time to get things done on my pace. I just became an Official member of the LouderARTS project and that was kinda weird. I didn't think I had what it took to get in but they thought otherwise. I am still feeling out what is the purpose of this Louder thing. They are all kinda hard to figure out but as always, everything takes time.   So, Today, I will be off to buy a poetry book. I have so many suggestions to take up.   Ok  I love you like a skinny chic loves sticking a finger down her throat to throw up and maintain that anorexic curvy body that strictly resembles a q-tip.  Peace  >)))">