3am and here goes my 2 cents   well, I was trying to avoid the whole uh............bullshit........that is going on in the world of spoken word. Yet, since I have my blog as a form of therapy and outlet of my thoughts. I have to say something. It is kinda hard to write while watching porn so let me just turn it to the weather channel first.   Bar 13 ( Louder ) has become an integral part of my world. Yes I said that. Going there on Monday after Monday and hearing all sorts of poets pour there writing on the microphone is my very way of getting better. f I see someone that sucks, that tells me I have to make sure I never read some shit like that in my life. If I see some mind bending shit, I definitely want to get to that level of writing. I tend to soak up as much informatin from everyone that I speak to. They make think it is a small insignificant conversation but it is actually a lesson that I am absorbing mental notes on.  This whole thing about the slam is kinda a touchy subject for many people. This year we have a team of vetrans that is going to rep 13. Shit, it is a pretty good team and it seems promising for 13. Yet, slams are so unpredicatable, you just never know. I still feel that this whole thing that we are going through should have came up after the team came back from Chicago. In order for a team to win, don't they need an unconditional support??? I am not going to play on a football team and get to the playoffs and have the owner and shareholders talk shit right before our most important regional games. How can i give the team 100%?  I am a new writer to the scene and I am working my ass off to make sure tat one day I will kill everyone that even thinks about competing with me in a slam. I want to have people look at me as a powerhouse. Still, after all is said and done, I know that slams are not my epitome of writing. I have tours, books, features, and who knows what else.  There is so much going on right now that I dn't even know where to start. I have love for people and I want to see the best for them, I still know that I have to do for me. Don't get it twisted, I never want to see nothing bad for my brethren, I am just still doing me and what is better for me.  I know that things get hard and it is easy to just say fuck it and walk away. Thing is, when things are hard, that is just life playing those fucked up tricks on you. I was about two seconds away from walking on Acentos at one point, then I realized that the reason that want to walk away is because I actually fear getting hurt down the road.That and the fact that I wanted to strangle my partner at one point. I don't want acentos to be regarded as a failed effort by anyone in the spoken word community. That was one of my fears. If I am not a part of that, I could not be considered a failure.  I have to say that unfortunately, there will be people that will hate on you for your writing. I havn't heard anyone blatantly hate on me but alot of people are scared of me. Since I have my own style too, I can't really be judged too much by others.  I am not metaphor filled, I am not political, I am not Shappyish. I have a power and style that belongs to me and that might be the reason that I came to my own.  I am glad that I came to y own at louder. Why ??? If I can make it at Bar 13, I will make it at any other venue in NYC. That is basically a fact.  Louder isn't scared to tell you that your poem is bad. I rather have that then have any bowery, nuyo, cornelia venue applaud my work and say it is awesome when it really sucks. The three hardcore poems that I love and people at 13 have given the green light too, any other venue will AUTOMAtICALLY approve. That is the way I see it.  The bar is set high at 13. If you want to go there with half ass work. You will know it is half ass. This is not a friendly newbie environment but great writers are born from there. If those motherfuckers with half ass work come to 13 and drop on the mic with some wack shit and they ask " how was my poem? ", and you tell them  that it needs some work and they catch an attitude and walk out like a little bitch, well then, I don't need that shit or them around. Imagine them in a work shop.  " My work is hot" " I know what I am talking about " " But you don't understand " " I like it " " You need to listen to it "  Motherfucker, why are you in a workshop if you are not taking critique then.   I am done.... I rant and said too much  Peace