This is what happens when you can't sleep   Well folks,  If I would have waited to get to work to make my blog entry, it would have been worthless. So, with a bottle of pepsi at my side, a head full of thoughts ( some restricted ), and an itchy trigger finger with 6 co-horts ready to fisticuff at any moment.  Firstly, my night went great. I did the door most of the evening and my idea of bringing in change was right on the money. I never once needed to bother Maureen for change and everything went well. Matter a factly, I owe guy 23 bucks that I kept in my pocket, I will add it next week. I didin't realize that my tolerance has been so low lately. Someone witnessed me today get in full fledge bad ass mode on some rowdy patrons coming up the stairs to the bar. Damn, I need to remove some of these thoughts that are stressing me and erasing my tolerance.  The slam was pretty good tonight and I am glad that the house was packed.  We saw some heavy weights come through to engage some microphone  " spitting ". Celena Glenn, Beau Sia, Sekou the Misfit, and some others.  Ok, let me write about the slam a little bit. First off, I am one dude that is hard to impress. Last night, Dawn Saylor impressed me more then ever. She was a nervous little wreck in the first round and thought that she didn't make it out, I told her to just relax and she''ll be fine. Sure enough, Shappy went up to the stage and due to the wonderful world of time penalty, shappy was bumped in the first round. I had thought shappy would have made it further but things are so unpredictable in slams that you just never know.  I am not even going to lie to you. I want to write mad shit concerning Shawn in the slam and my opinion on it. Thing is, I would be writing thoughts of other people and I am not going to do that.  To put it simply, Shawn slammed, Shawn got elimanated. Period.   Claudia got up there and dropped a poem that got her eliminated. The poem was ok. Compared to everything else that the mic was sucking in, ok wasn't cutting it.  OH SHIT.......... They are giving " Perfect Strangers " on Nickelodeon. I am a single man at 4 in the morning with my cable on Nick at Night. There is something universally perverted about that. So..........     Back to the slam.....  Roger, Tai, Lynne, Marty and F. Omar Telan as the team alternate. This is going to be a power house team and I hope they click. I am going to chicago this year and I swear if I remotely feel some bullshit, I am pulling collars and smacking people. I want Bar 13 to have a national championship!!!!  Went to get some food and drove OMX , Guy, and Lenny home. Had a great conversation with Oscar and Guy about certain moments in the slam. Dropped Oscar off and had a good candid convo with Guy. The guy is gully and he will read this and wonder why I wrote it.  " easy guy, straight shooters are always straight shooters in any situation.  "  Well, here are some thoughts that are going through my head. Next year, I should be able to compete on a good level to give these fuckers competition. I chose not to this year because I knew I wasn't ready. I wasn't going to fool myself. Just looking and letting everything sink in will help and benefit me greatly in the next round of slams coming in the years end.  Writing is something thatI love to do. Let it be Poetry, journal entry, dabbling, or whatever the case may be. Hear is what scaring me. I am loving Acentos and all the work that is involved. Yet, I want to maintain my writing. I don't want to fight to have time to write. I want to have fun writing.  I want to enjoy the words that are born from the tips of my 7 fingers. I want to look at a poem that I wrote after weeks of editing and be proud of me for the achievement that I just did.  I don't want to sit behind my laptop and cry at 4:30 in the morning because I can't sleep because I need to write. I don't want to miss writing. I don't want to lose writing.  You know why it took me sooooo long to come to where I am at??? Here it is.   I have nothing. My car will die My clothes will fade My family will die My friends will move on I rent an Apt  I have nothing in my life but the words that are carefully resurrected from stringent thoughts ranging from my days of  pain to my days of bliss.   My words are all I have and it took me many many many moons to fuckin share them. When I read a poem, I am not reading a poem. I am reading a piece of me. A piece of my heart that I chose to slice out and place it on the stage.  Oscar, I love you man. You my nigga.  I always than Oscar for walking down this road and leaving little mementos for me to pick up on.   Oh, and I took the code from your blogger and WHAT!!!!????????  Sue me dammit!!!  ok.... it is about 5am and I need to at least get two hours of sleep. I will be cranky and I hope things go well. Acentos is tomorrow and it should be good.  Peace