Time to just babble   What's up good people.  I am here at the job and just doing nothing like every normal day that I am here. I will make believe like I am doing something to give everyone the guise that I am worth something here .  :)  Well, Tonight is Bar 13 Grand Slam Finals. 9 poets go up and do their thing to try and make the team to represent the Union Square Bar 13 team in Chicago this August. I have to go to the bank and take out at least 300 dollars in change. mostly 5's and singles. The cover tonight is 7 dollars and that uneven number will make change hard to come by. So, I will just have that much money and tell Guy that I will add it to the purse and to give it to me at the end of the night. I am expecting a shit load of people tonight. So, with Tom's assistance, he and I will man the door. I will collect and Tom will watch my back and the crowd. I don't expect shit to happen but my forte is security and a wicked right hook to the jaw. So, tonight is " door and Security mode ". Oh.... if you are not slamming or part of the Collective, pony up 7 dollars. Bring an extra 15 to buy the CD also.  So much is going on and it can be very exhausting on the mind if you let it get to you. I don't want to put out business but damn. Why are things made difficult????. I believe in hard work will get shit done. I have always been self reliant and never depended on nobody to do shit for me.  -  I pretty much knew that as long as OMX and I were almost on the same page for Acentos, that we wil do well. He has the ideas and I play them out and vice versa.   - My football team needed a kick in the ass, I threw on my Timbs and started swinging My Friends call me for advice, I give them the straight shot and that is it. No beating around the bush. Just get it done as righteously as possible and live your life.   I hate politics and bureaucracy. I have dealt with corporate mierda for 14 years and I have despised the ass kissing, brown nosing, back stabbing, butt fucking.  Unfortunately, I have to had played the game in order to be at this place for 14 years. I am still considered a straight shooter by most.  I am a laborer. I work with my hands. I can swing any tool and create a masterpiece with the right guidance or my very own know how. This is why I hate motherfuckers that never lifted a box in their life. They don't know the meaning of hard work and dedication.   You want something to work, work FUCKING AT IT!!!!!!  I am not in a good mood.  Time for me to just count my fingers and just chill   Anyway, tomorrow is Acentos and I hope to see plenty of you gracing our venue. It has been going very well and I am very happy with everything in general. We have been getting great accolades from the Poetry Community. Hard work baby, hard work. Still, awesome venue withstanding, we still need an audience.  HINT HINT!!  Take care.  Peace