Jerry lewis has to be the  funniest guy ever    Oh man, I wake up and I want to write a quick blurb and they are giving Jerry Lewis in " Don't give up the ship ". Everyone talks about how he was only funny with Dean Martin.............well, Martin wasn't in this movie and lewis is funny as hell.  Right now he is diving underwater and a huge octopus is tapping on his shoulder while he is excavating something. He doesn't notice it and the Octopus wraps around Lewis. He turns around and lets out a Home Alone yel and swims so fast out of the water that he shoots out the top like a dolphin. I tell you, this guy is the funniest. I used to love those older comedies. Not one of these new wave comedy flicks can hold a candle to Lucille Ball, Abbot and Costello, Laurel and Hardy,  Three Stooges, or the Marx Brothers. Those were the days that we had good clean comedy.  I should have been born in the 40's  I love old cars, Old movies, and I am intrigued by history.  I tell you, I was born in the wrong time.  Last night was the SynonymUS thing at the Bowery. Very small turnout compared to whatever I think I would compare it too. I would shoot this show down but it was pretty decent. I stood for about 30 minutes of it because I wanted to head to the Blue Ox. The only thing that makes me think is, everyone for the exception of maybe two people ( from what I saw ) was part of the collective.  Oscar,Ray/ Seve, White chic that her name has eluded me/ Ginna, Betty/ Sabrina, Bongo boy/  You know, after writing it out, there were actually several people not from the collective. Hmmmmm...... There goes that argument. yet, they still need more people to go out there. I don't see a valid excuse for it to be that empty. Especially with the people running it. These are heavyweights in the scene and know more then enough people to pack the place.   Well, For myself...... I headed to the Blue Ox and I was shocked at how packed it was. I never seen it that packed!!!!!!  I got there and people were listening in from the door outside. I just missed Anthony Morales do his thing because Leslie followed the Acentos format of Half the Open mic and then the features. I saw Gammel ( If I spelled his name right ) and he was ok. The palce was hot as Fuck and that is worrying me for the summer months in which we will have to OPEN THE DOOR!!!!!! It was sweltering in that bitch last night. I networked last night with the people after words and of course plugged Acentos like my life depended on it. I hope we get at least three of them people to come back. One older man wanted to read a poem but it was all in Spanish and he was n';t too comfy reading it in front of the WHITE people. I kinda sort of felt where he was coming from but he was actually very arrogant so I quickly threw him in the " fuck him " category. I hope he doesn't show up to Acentos. I am lacking Patience for people like that.  I read my Apocalypse piece yesterday and I got the reaction that I wanted. I got the " Damns, and Oh shits ". So I was happy that I read there. Reading on the open mic was this fat chic named Mabel that was in my workshop. This chic must have eaten several poetry books. She performed actually MUCH MUCH better then what she used to. I was suprised to see that. She still sucks but just not that bad.  I spoke to the owner of the Blue Ox last night after he came to me and basically gushed Thank You's over 20 times. He said that the Bar has been getting phonecalls every single day concerning Poetry readings. I know I left over 150 flyers there for Acentos and they all were gone when I got there yesterday. I am not sure what to make of it but the owner is pretty much riding the poetry bandwagon to keep him floating. He kept on saying that it's been " Slow as hell for the past month " .  This worries me because if the Blue Ox closes, we have to find another venue.  This would not be fun. Even though I have a friend that has a bar on Westchester, I am not trying to move anywhere. I hate change sometimes. Well I hope to catch ya soon.   Peace   fish