Ok, I just got to work and everything seems pretty cool. I am going through some " woman " trouble but I hope to rectify it before anyone gets really hurt. My " wanting " to be alone is proving to strong to overcome. Not the point.......  Last night was offically the worst night I have seen at Bar 13 in 2003. I have to really say this, I don't give a bodacious flying fag fuck, Big Mike needs to be shouted out. I don't care if people think he is crazy or not. Why waste time by talking about pussy, cock, and what you would do to a pussy with you cock. We , especially me, don't give a fuck!!! I have seen the dude several times and everytime he has gotten on the mic and stepped off the stage , I see a pop up ad above his head that reads " asshole ". Don't get me wrong, he seems like an ok dude but the asshole factor is hardcore when he reads.   That is not the end, then, his girl got on the stage and I don't know what the hell was going through her head. She did something. Was it a poem?? Was it a story? Was it prose?? What the hell she did????????????? She did have a sexy little limp that I was kinda curious how she got. besides that, if Guy ever let's her back on stage....... DUDE, I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE!!!!!!  Other then that, the night was so-so. Omri did his thing and actually shocked me. he has a pretty big voice for a little dude. Farbeon needs to be told that he is a better poet then a rapper. Yet, to each his own. VooDooLooLoo got on stage and worked the 5 people at Bar 13. There was no one there even slightly interested in the show. I figure that she comes and features that she will have tons of people. She had about 5 show up. I wonder how many people will show up when I make it big and get official features and all? I had God knows how many just for the Uppercase. We will see.  oh........ guess who won the Pool at bar 13 in picking which poets made the finals??? ME~!!!!!!!!!!!  LOL...... YeA!!!!!  I got a full 50 bucks. I am telling Guy to make an offical announcement on my victory. Then, I entered a raffle and won a CD from VOODOOLOOLOO. Ok, that name is too long to fuckin type.  Headed to resovoir last night and had a nice time eating. It beat out White Castle but I am still loyal to my murder burgers.  well, time to start writing about some profound shit. I can't act like a fool all the time.   I have been catching myself talking alot about my students at Rikers. I have really gotten attached to this whole program. Just simply because I am giving back to the same dude that were me several years ago. I constantly think of what I can tell them to make them think about the outside world. I want them to become better writers and maybe even fullfledged poets. That is one reason that I am taking these workshops. If I better me, I better whoever I decide to teach. Even though this Friday, Oscar is teaching the class, I will be there and maybe I will pick up some pointers from him. He has a different style then mines and it never hurts to learn from others. Teaching has to be the best experience I have ever had. I am doing it for free and people get paid to do this??? Then they have balls to beef???  That is beyond comprehension for me. All in all, this  has opened doors and it will be chalked up as a learning experience.  I have to work on a piece I started about " lack Of dignity in society ". I started it in Cheryl 's workshop and she loved it, I have to add on and edit.  Ok, enought shit from my mouth. I am out.  Peace  Fish  >)))">