White Castle, Good Deed, Influx of nerds   Hello folks, I hope that when you all grace the eyes on your computer screen and you see my blog that you will get immediately horny and give a brotha an offer for a good sexual act. I am broke so any idea of getting paid is out of the question.  Yesterday was a good day. I left my job a little bit late and that threw a wrench into my plans. I like to go home and visit my parents and mess with them for a little while. Funny thing is, I just called my moms while I was writing this and she was in the hospital most of the day with a fucked up case of acid reflux. That shit runs in our family and it is the worst thing in the world. I rather have a heart attack several times over with a buttplug  used as a revival kit. She is ok though. My mother and I have a weird relationship. We have been getting closer over the years but when I was young, I was hating that lady. My pops is just my pops, he is just there and never says anything. He is cool though. I would give him a kidney if I had to.  Back to yesterday, went to White Castle ( I am addicted ). I am just waiting for them motherfuckers at 13 to have another whitie eating contest, I would win that shit hands down. I would predict........ 10 in two mins!!!!! Who dares challenge me?!!!!!! So, I brought me a few and I remembered Shappy's Diary and how he loves Whities. Shappy and I aren't to the point that I ask him about his family but he hasn't given me reason to hate him. So, I did my good deed for the year and brought him 15 white castles as a gift from fellow white castle impressario. He seemed pretty happy with them and I hope he enjoyed them. I put them in the bar and Moonshine was looking at them and I was like, ok, shappy could enjoy about 3 after Moonshine is done. :)  The nerd slam was somewhat decent yesterday. Yet, it was kinda dead. Shappy tried to make the best out of it but he couldn't really pull it off. I still had a good time. Poetry is always good with me. OMX showed up and we pretty much just gigged on this one dude that was " just weird " .  Our evening was capped with a conversation with Cool Breeze, Celena, Shawn Randall. Talked about the blog and made our move away. I wanted to head to Kay's cafe and BEHOLD  We just drove around and spoke about some candid topics last night and it was a good night. We came up with some ideas in which we have to implement to some of our other endeavors ( Acentos , louder, Workshops ).  I have a busy weekend with some meetings, an art gallery opening in the Bronx in which I will read a poem, BBQ, maybe the Nuyo tonight to support Rob Neil.  OK, nothing profound and prophet laden today. Just typical nonsense from me.  Take care  Peace, Love