Why oh why?   I am officially a fat bastard!! MY tux jacket is a 52 and that means that I am wayyyyyy tooooo big. The guy fitting us was saying that I wasn't that big. He says this because he was at a hefty 375 pounds before his " Gastric Bypass " surgery. This is that whole staple your stomach for you won't eat that much. Shit, it's a thought.....  Anyway..... yesterday was such a good day. Headed down to the SynonymUS jam at the studio at 26th street. This was my first time at a studio and I can't believe the awesome time I had. I was slightly miffed getting there ( not really mad, just felt weird ). yesterday was the gay pride parade. Thousands of gay people marching down fifth ave to celebrate their Queerdom. So walking past the parade with my Poetry shirt that says boldly " My life is different then yours ". Too many people were thinking I lived the gay lifestyle. At least that is what I was thinking. IF I am walking down the Gay pride parade and I see a guy with a shirt that says " my life is different then yours ", he has to be gay. So, yesterday, I was gay. It was n't that bad but it was just for one day.  Got to the studio and I was amazed at all the equipment that was in the room.  Mics, Speakers, Drims, Keys, Congas. Ray was the genius behind this madness and I was totally impressed by Raymond Daniel " the sensitive one " Medina. This motherfucker got everything together and rocked hardcore. Omri, who has been a straggler here and there ( that is not a bad thing ) took his guitar and made tha bitch scream. He took it to some serious levels that impressed the fuck out of me. Peter was jamming on the drums and he was awesome. So, the premise of this was to collaborate between musicians and poets. Seve was there and blessed us with a piece from " Cosvlaw ".... I will get the right spelling for you later. He really kicked ass on the piece. The tone was solid and the music behind seve had good flow.  Jessica, Oscar, Jai ( who is really a fuckin good poet ) and Myself did our thing during seperate moments. I dropped my Apocalypse piece with Jessica doing some jazzy operatic tones vocally in the backgroud. I started my piece with a low tone and hit my mark halfway through it and we jammed hard. I felt some serious adrenaline rushing. It brought a whole new life to the piece and I left there with a whole different style of how I wanted to do the piece Thursday at the dark future slam.  At the end of the session, we just wanted to jam out hard and Gerard ( toro's partner in crime showed in the evening and rocked with us ) and he started with the congo. I started feeling it and started dropping my Bronx piece. Oh man, it sounded awesome but we had some MIC problems. We kicked it hard and finished it with Seve and I doing a " HOT " duet. We would just scream the word " hot " into the mic and it added this energy taht was crazy.  The ideas for the Bronx piece were flowing too much after we left the studio. Tonight, " Yo soy del Bronx " is going to have a new meaning. Off Hand, Oscar, Chance, myself, and I need a girl to read two lines in my poem. So if you are a girl and want to rock out tonight at LouderJAM, E-MAIL ME!!!!!  I came home and parked and I was just moving mentally a million miles per minute. I can't explain to you the whole rebirth with this jam. It was just such a new expereience and I had a great time.  Raymond, Omri, Peter, Seve, Jai, Oscar, Gerard, Jessica, and the other girls there that their names are escaping me . It was an honor to be amongst you talented motherfuckers!!!!!  Tonight, WE ROCK!!!!!!  Peace, Love  Take care  Fish  >)))">