MY neighborhood is shit   11pm and I take a shower and I make my way out in the neigborhood. All I take is 10 bucks with no id. Why do I do this??? Here is a tip for all you people out there. When you are out on the street late at nghtt, from the point of view from someone that will mug you and maybe one day even get mugged, turn your pockets ( in front )inside out, turn around and lift up your shirt and show that there is no wallet. Two things can happen, you will get shot in back of the head or the person will walk away with just your ten bucks. Another note of interest, you can get into basically anything and not get caught up leaving your ID behind. Not the point.........  Last night, I did my walk around the nighborhood to get a pizza and maybe find a newspaper to read sitting in front of the church. The pizza sucked and the newspaper had nothing of " life value ".  I did see a cab driver get into a hefty argument with the dude the cab dropped off. You can tell that both of them were totally full of shit. Nothing but " fuck you's " were thrown back and forth for about 10 minutes.  No swinging of crushing of facial bones. I actually wouldn't have minded seeing a good old fashioned scrapping in the middle of the street.  Seems like the black dude knew several of the young kats in  the building and when they came out and chased the cab driver. A simple push of the gas pedal, the cab driver is gone.   I go back to my newspaper and read that " lil kim 's " chain was found. I was shocked, I thought that she was bullshitting to sue or something.  This is when this one chic walks by me and asks me for the time. I told her it was about 1:30am and she went on her way.  I was kinda thinking, where did this girl have to be at this time in the morning. I pay it no mind........  2 : 30 comes and the time chic returns, across the street were 2 dudes that were walking rather slowly. My ghetto instinct puts 2 + 2 together and  figured this was a great time to set me up. She is walking closer and I get up and start stretching and walking. If I would have heard her say " excuse me Mister, " or anything to get my attention, I would have stabbed her in her throat and walked away. This way, the two guys would be too busy with her throat hanging out her neck and that would have given me enough time to get to safety.   I walk to my building. The guys kept on walking and the girl was no where near them. Kinda makes ya think how things can be taken out of hand sometimes. Better out of hand then being set up. Then again, I on had 3 bucks in my pocket. I could have just given up those three bucks and " maybe " gotten home Remember the first option. This train of thought is maybe why I have no fear of going anywhere at any time. I have been there on both sides.  Ok, tux fitting day.  Peace, Love  Take care  Fish  >)))">