Jail and Birthday's   The wonderful dog days of summer are upon us and I was in Jail. Literally, amongst some of the inmates participating in a workshop facilitated by My Bermeo. It was a good class yesterday. I took place in the first two freewrites because I had soooooooooo much on my mind. The premise of the freewrite was to write about anything that you wanted. Any subject, any topic, any format. I journaled my way through it and I basically touch of my very low tolerance as of late. The second freewrite was to pick one line from the first freewrite and I go with it. I still stood on the same topic.  It felt good to write. I haven't felt like I have written something decent for a very long time. I still write but it is mostly in my journals. I think I might be using all my creative juices on these blogs.    I mentioned to the fellas that My 4th of July will not see me coming to rikers for the workshop. I want to go to a BBQ and maybe just go into my little hole to be alone. I know that I spend alot of time alone but the 4th of July is different for me. Last Monday ( June 23 ) was the anniversary of me losing my fingers. 11 years and counting. 11 years of reliving bad memories. Constant reminders of pain. The typical : why did this shit happen to me ?". It is not as bad as it was 10 years ago. Still, I look at my hand and remember that at the age of 22, I had 10 healthy fingers.  So, the 4th is kinda hard for me and I tend to go to my usual spot and be alone. This year, I will be alone but I will chronicle everything in my little book. I need to get a good battery for I can start lugging my laptop around.  Yesterday was Keith Birthday and we met up with him at a restaurant ( sammy's ). They actually had the awesome Chinese food. I had this sweet and sour chicken that was off the hook. Trying to find parking to get there was a mission in itself. Then, when I did find parking, it was about 9 blocks away and I was walking with my good friend " gimpy ". His gout was acting up and him walking like a normal human being seemed totally out of the question.  After Keith Shindig, we headed over to meet up for Seve's Shindig. He had a little get together at Hudson Bar and books. We gimped our way there and outside was Seve looking smooth the the fresh cut and the Guyavera ( Spanish going out shirt ). Smooth motherfucker you. Inside were some of the regular louder folks and I had a great time. I was kinda quite listening to this one girl talk ( and boy could she talk ). When she started going into religion, that is when I made my exit. I know that there are three things I never talk about, Religion, politics, and sex. Ok OK.....so two thngs. I wanted to go pick up that hooptie and I wasn't waiting for the gimp so I left him behind to pick it up and  walked down Hudson. This is when I was talking about God alot..........  OH MY GOD!!! The people hanging in the village at 2am was crazy. Christopher street was packed. This one bar " Henrietta Hudson " was LOADED with people. Mind you, it was a full blown lesbian bar, but lesbian or not, some of these women were beautiful.  I get back to my car. I realized something. I have been part of something only on the business side. I never really sat and socialized with them on a personal level. It kinda gave me a new found hope that things aren't really that bad as I thought.  Picked up the gimp and drove home locally and made some drive by's around some local places.   I got home and parked in the parking lot and as of this moment, I owe them 10 bucks, I am leaving it there for the full 24 hours to get my ten bucks worth.  I am suppose to go out today but it seems that my house will see me for most of the night. Plans have changed and I am glad that they did. I feel better today. I think that is a good thing.  Tomorrow, the fitting of the TUXES!!!! It should be fun. We are going to lunch afterwards and it should be cool.  Another note : I think the outake on Porno's are the funniest things in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   You see things like: 1   Oops, I am sorry I poked you in the eye 2    "I forgot my line "  ( WHAT lines are really needed in porn )   Ok, have a good day  Peace, love  Take care  Fish  >)))">