This is sad........   The fact that I am at work and I feel more comfortable then being at home. Ok, most of you know me as a strong Puerto Rican man that is in total spiritual connectivity with his heritage and roots. Now, if hating the hot weather doesn't make me Boricua, pound the gavel and declare me guilty.  So many people were complaining about the rain and cold weather, now , mother nature is blasting us with heat from hell. I am convinced that mother nature has connection with the devil, this heat doesn't come from her, it has to be directly borrowed from hell.  Well, Since I spent most of the night awake, I did soo much thinking. I tried to keep the cup half full but that is proving hard for me.  I have to hit rock bottom one of these days in order to progress. I have this tendency of being stuck in Purgatory. For instance, my poetry is kinda stuck in limbo. I am workshopping and reading to better myself and I know this is going to take time.  I have seen some differences even from my uppercase until now. I was looking at the tape and you can see that things are changing. My voice is still the same but my style has slowed down. I also am not screaming at the top of my lungs. That kinda took away from the pieces that I was dropping.   This weekend should be a good weekend. Saturday is my best Friends Birthday. I have to go spoil her as she always takes care of me for my birthday. She brought me a filter for my tank and that was kinda big since them things are expensive as hell. So, Seems like a dinner and whatever she wants to shop for seems to be in order. She mentioned Diamond earrings, should I or shouldn't I ? LOL.  We see.  Sunday I wanted to hang out at this BBQ but seems that will not happen. The dreaded fitting of the Tuxedo's is this Sunday. I am goinng to look like a fat Puerto Rican penguin. I have to do it for my dawgs wedding. My nigga E is getting married. I am soo happy for his little ass.  I have to awlays say this, that motherfucker is hands down the best brotha I know. He is hardworking, loyal, smart, and has a giving side that will not even come close to anything else. He is a great pop to his little man and I respect him for that. It is going to be good to see him finally getting this marriage thing done. I was thinking about writing some beautiful poetic shit to say at his wedding. Yet, what can I say that is not already in the heart. Why write it to try and remember it later ?? If it came from the heart today, it should be there later.  Today is a good day. Tomorrow is another endeavor that I am doing to better myself. I hope things change, as of now, not many people will be too happy with me.  Note: If you page me, my pager is off until next week. A backlog at the company won't let me have my pager connected into later next week.  All this on this blog and I primarily didn't say shit. Yep. it's a bad day.  Peace, Love  Take care  Fish  >)))">