where is my tiramisu?  Good morning ladies and gentleman,  I am here in the job and everything is great. I feel good and I actually slept last night. As hot as it was, my hot sweaty naked body was comfortable as hell and I slept like a baby. Once you get that nasty visual out of your mind about me being naked ( and stop laughing ), I will proceed with this unusual rant.  Ok, here it is, my birthday was on January 7th of this year. I know, it was a while back already. Some of my best buds took me to Peter Luger's, My parents cooked dinner for me, the sweetest friend I have brought me a filter for my fishtank, even one person spoiled me rotten with clothing and what not.  Here is the thing ( LOL ) This motherfucker offered me a dinner and I am still waiting. Then, THE MOTHERFUCKER offered me some tiramisu ( Italian desert ) and I am still waiting!!!!!!  I am shouting him out on this e-mail!!!!!  Ok, here goes.....   Until I get my tiramisu, I will harass him and become the cyber terrorist that I am.  Here is what I will do.....  Today, no information will be conveyed.  Every week, I will post something to the internet to make his life miserable.  So.......  First comes: Phone number Cell number Address Mother's phone number Mother's address ( She gives great ......let me stay shut )  I will post every embarassing moment of this lackies life and have everyone call him until he gets me my tiramisu YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!  Then, if that doesn't work, I will post the most sensitive moments in his life..  ie: Like the time when we got locked up and they called his mother and he fainted. Like a little bitch, he fainted and the cop caught him.  Want more???  Oh... I GOT PLENTY!!!!  He is probably saying, " I don't care, this shit won't phase me ". well, you know what, I have that tendency of not giving up until I get mines  So...  Here is the first tidbit  Name: Wilfred Martinez Employer: Dairyland  Tomorrow...... The social Security number, Phone number and address.  Where is my TIRAMISU?    YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!