Seafood, Porn, Friendship, getting my ass whoooooped in pool   As you read from the title, not everything is really in that order. Last night was a regression to my Pool night. My rather slimmed down best bud picked me up last night on a spontaneous note to go shoot some pool. Oh man, I haven't shot a decent game of pool in a long time. I used to go every single thursday as my " guys night out ". Eric and I actually got pretty good. Tom started going for the past year or two but he is not that good. :) Actually he is good also.  Last night we just shot some pool and got around the basics of conversations. 5 pool games later, I refuse to lose a 6th time, so I called it a night. Fuck that nigga. I played damned good last night but I just couldn't get the win. I really don't care if I win or not, I play well and I am happy. Plus, I don't tend to get all competitive over a pool game where recreation is all we are getting out of it. Why even stress it??? IF I was playing against someone I didn't know or for money, I tend to bring it up to another level. I tend to play down to whoever I am up against. I do this and I have no clue why. Funny thing is, I do that in poetry also. When I am around scrub poets, I read scrubby. Since I am surrounded by these awesome poets,  I have to keep that shit on another level cause these motherfuckers make you look like shit.  Left the pool hall and headed to City Island and had the " seafood ". Yes, I had seafood last night.  I actually put into my system the stuff that gets me incredibly  " Randy BABY".!!!! 10 jumbo fried Shrimp and 6 large bottle neck clams ( RAW )!!!! You all know that myth that seafood is nature's viagra??? Well, myth or not, I eat seafood and I am about to molest the nearest watermelon possible!!!!!   ok, let me get back to my dawg Eric, we had a nice conversation about mostly everything. Our lives, weddings, friends, worries, kids, relationships. It felt kinda good that he supported my decision to be alone. He even understood it because he knows me. That kinda made me feel that my decision was the right one. We spoke about his wedding and that was cool. I can't believe that he is getting married. He is not doing that bootleg city hall marraige nonsense. He is actually doing the off the hook huge ass wedding. I am happy for him, his fiance is a great girl. Even thought she don't like me, I know she is a great girl. Why she don't like me??? heehee, I won't write that here.  So, after several good laughs and tidbits of life, he dropped me off at home. I was working my piece for the Dark future slam but that damned SEAFOOD GOT ALL UP IN MY SYSTEM!!!!!! So, I pick up the phone and call one of those sex lines. LOL.. Just joking! I did call thos back in 97 when I broke up with my ex and she took almost 700 bucks from me. The phone was under her name so I called the sex lines and just had a normal conversation with teh sex operators. They were loving me. I would call and just say, " No sex talk " tell me about you ". So 900 dollars later, I think I got my paybacks. Back to my seafood release from last night.  I picked up the phone to make a 2am booty. I put the phone down. I realized, booty calls are wrong. Plus, Oscar would have been mad at me if I called him at 2am. LOL... Don't get me wrong, I am not gay but 10 years in jail, if you are my cell mate, you better be strong and a good fighter.  So, three hours of porn and I was good. Any other information is not pertinant to write here.   Tonight is Urbana's Nerd slam. I don't think I could slam in that. I am going to protest and have someone start a ghetto slam.  Only poems about ghetto and slums allowed.  I am actually deliberating about going to Kay's Cafe to see Ebony Washington and rip her a new asshole for not showing Acentos love. Even though some people would say we don't need it, I still love to give guilt trips.  So, with my wrist hurting like hell after three hours of porn .....uh....... I mean .......typing. I will bid you farewell.   Take care  Fish