it's that time   Laptop literally on the lap..........................check 2 liter bottle of ice cold Pepsi.....................check Channel 59 gratuitous porno.......................check a MIND FILLED WITH OODLES OF NONSENSE.........CHECK Fingers itching to write it all down................check ( x 7 ) :)  Ok, so I am home and I have just returned from another incredibly fullfilling Acentos. Can I even explain how happy I was today?? I will try to the best of my ability.  I would take the liberty of writing this in a format suitable for the mass of viewers in our Acentos group. Yet, I will write this with my own personal flare and ghetto tinge. Shit was off the hook today. Don't get me wrong, I had fun as soon as I stepped into the Blue Ox bar. The feature was already there and we really connected talking about teaching and our conjoined and common love for our ghetto of the Bronx. The open mic was prety good and we had a decent mix of newbies and regular's. We are getting people coming from all over the place to grace our mic. People are coming from Downtown and a girl came from her school in a cab to try and get there on time. She had an old Bonafide flyer and that shit meant that my flyering is getting to the masses.  Our feature was fucking awesome. I really was into most of his set. I was digging it because he brought hs poetry with a fuckin vengence!! He dropped it and kept his own personal energy unabated. With a back up of two guitars and the occasional Majimbe ( drum for you dumb fucks ) his set proved to be my most favorite so far. I mean, I felt him being ttaly genuine on his front about how much he loved Acentos.  Everyone that comes through loves what we have put together. Oscar is doing his thing and keeping the hosting very perosnal between him and the audience, you know what, I would say don't do it, but it works and it keeps people coming back. He is doing his thing and I am proud of his ass.   So, I was venting today and I have soooooooooo much to say. Yet, revealing shit would go against alot of what I stand for. Yet, I could say some things in general.  I did this once and I got respect for it, I say this now.....................  " If you do not like me in any which way, call me and tell me ( 718-547-3823 ), I will then keep my distance from you and you better keep yours from mines. "  I say this because I am getting kinda fed up with hypocrisy and nonsense. I show my love to everyone that is in my inner circle. If I don't talk to you, I don't like you. It is simple. If I don't like something you do, I wil tell you, we will work it out, and we keep on walking.  Things are getting done differently then what I thought in certain areas of my life. I try to understand but it is really bothering me that things are getting done in only one way and no other way. Even if they seem vehemently bogus, they still need to try something different that will work. I understand that everything in life is a " try and see if we succeed " attitude. Yet, it just bothers me when life is shit and they sprinkle sugar on the shit and try to sell it to the masses as if it is sugar filled. Uh, it is still shit if you ask me.  Try and read in betwen the lines and you will get a headache. Try to get it out of me, I will tell you.   The best part of the evening was this...........  A part of one of my poems says " You got pito, puto, and papito and a whole bunch of other " P " nicknames ". Today, I saw Puto, I missed that guy so much. He is doing well and we kicked it as if he and I were hanging everyday.  Just being on the block for 20 minutes has given me so much incentive to write. Alot of the guys are really happy and even proud of me for writing. They know that this is a story that I will get out to the masses. I feel like edward james olmos in Mi Familia. He was a struggling writer that wanted to make it big. Since I am struggling, I just need the writer part to come to life. I really do miss my old block, them Kats were the very meaning of what I was and what I became, a man. I became a man in the company of the hardest thugs in NYC. Tony was there and I haven't seen him since I graduated High School. That is 13 years my freind. We spoke like we just saw each other yesterday.  OK, I have written enough nonsense with no format at all. I write like aI think, just crazy.  This leather couch in the top floor apartment is proving that it was FUCKING hot Today.  k, Had a great convo with someone that has the balls to do something ad is not afraid to say what is on his mind. With this being said, that is the defiition of a revolutionary. That is not keeping it real. That is the truth coming out of the mouth. Too many people are afraid to say the truth. When the ydo say the truth, they are afraid of hurting feelings. I call it as I see it. The calm serene lake will be rippled beyond repair if shit doesn't get rectified. Peace, Love  Great porno on  Fish  >)))">