Who we be? I be, we be, you be, fuck the booshwazi!!!!!!   Well, here is my blog for today. I am back at the JOB and I feel good. I am doing my thing and life is good. I actually got a really good night's sleep last night. Why??? Simple. I got soooo aggravated last night that I hit the " FUCK it " mark. I got home and didn't think about shit and I slept quite well.  Last night was our womenEDGE format to the evening and Mara Jebson was the feature. Let me go to the evening and how it went.   Good evening with about 60 people in attendance. Our host for the evening was Syreeta McFadden. Clearly, as she declared this her  " Virgin hosting " adventure, she actually did good for her first time. She was a little nervous and you can tell. She did her thing and I actually would look forward to seeing her host again after more practice runs. The open mic was decent last night. The highlight of the evening was the Escalon family coming out strong. Roberto Escalon ( Currently a member of the National Seattle team ) read a homage for his mother and he was strong. Lisa read and as usual, she is awesome. Something about that girl gives off the sense that she is beyond genuine. Her heart is warm and just talking to her can brighten a brothers day. The highlight now??? Momma Escalon was there and she read on the open mic. This part would have even made a shitty mic go over to greatness.  It was time to bring our feature up and it was her time to shine. I was pretty happy to see her feature for the simple fact that I uppercased with her last November ( I am living through her ). She got up there and she went through her poems. She was very very nervous and it seeped through her pores.  When she learns to relax and not rush through, she will be an awesome feature. Until then, she was pretty good.  Following her Mara was a question and answer by Ginna. I wasn't digging this part that much. Ginna asked very generic questions and I didn't get a feel about Mara at all. I wanted more personal questions. I have seen Roger, Guy, Oscar, and Ginna run Q & A. I have to make ripples and say that Oscar kicked ass in the Q & A session. I want to feel that I know the poet on a personal level after a q & a. I honestly don't care what they reading,  how they revise and edit poems. Maybe one question was asked that was decent and that was the relationship between Mara and her Mom ( the storyteller ). Besides that, I could have gone without the Q & A.  Now, the bout of the night.......Lynne Procope -vs - Dawn Saylor....... Need I say who won??? Of course.....  Lynne Procope took it hands down. I was aggravated to the 7th level after the bout ( for reasons that I won't display here ). So I didn't pay the results any mind. Lynne won the bout and that is pretty much making Louder " the pimp slapping big brothers of Urbana". Does this make Louder better??? not really. I am sure that if the next bout was to take place in Urbana, it would be a different story.   So, I am itching to write about sooooo much but I don't have time. I just want to relax and hope that things will run smoother down the road. I am aiming for right after nationals, the atmosphere should be more laid back.  At this time, it better. I am concentrating on many other avenues to better myself and I don't need aggravation. First and foremost, I am a writer. I realized this when I would just love to sit down and create something with words. I am still a poet, I am just making the umbrella of " writer " solid in my life. I love poetry and it has made me and paved the way for many other things. Yet, I am a writer.  I will do much and much will do me...... I just hope I could keep up with it.  LOL  Ok, to all my people..... I hope the bullshit stops. My tolerance is low.  I love ya like a piece of ham on a Sunday morning.