Why Sweet Savior of ours.......... WHY!!!   I am back at home and I proceed to enter this blog basically disgusted with what I saw. Easily the worst poetry of any venue in NYC. Tonight was the bedeviled " Grudge " slam at the Bowery Poetry club. Some teams from Cambridge Mass, Texas, Chicago and no where else that really matters because the night was garbage to say the least. Not everyone sucked ass, yet, I will give you a quick overview.....  First Round for the night: Indigo: 24.9 RAC:24.7 Cristin:27.0 Etan:20.9  In this round, Indigo came and dropped a pretty decent piece. It was somewhat drab but the score showed the poem was a bit too montone. RAC came on and she dropped a good piece and it was her " a ' game as far as I could see. Cristin came with a new piece and as the Loose Cannon that she is, she got the high score to win the first round. Etan dissappointed me big time. I heard so much about him and he didn't seem as good as others made him out to be. I guess those midwesterners love his style  Second round Jeff: 23.0 Celena:24.3 Morris: 20.3 Bingo:21.7  Jeff got up there and dropped a prety political piece and he got a 23.0 that was the average of the evening. Celena did a page piece and it was different from what I am used to seeing her do. Now, Morris. You all know that I am the most " devil's advocate " abiding motherfucker out there. This little balding bastard dropped some bullshit. I had this guy up there with the people that push the envelope, and he drops some raucous non-classy garbage that shouldn't even have been written. There was no purpose what so ever to his poem . If I was Asian, I would have punched him in the face. I know, I know, it is just poetry, yet, drop something worthy on the stage and not some clear stupid shit. I won't waste my time on Bingo. This little old man that is about two steps from death and all I remeber is him saying " kiss my piss ".   Third Round Post Midnight: 27.0 Joel:25.0 Adam:24.1 Shappy:24.4  Post midnight came in first in this round with his 6 : 45 minute piece about his love and awe for bacon. I now tat everyone from urbana dropped a new piece for the evening except Post, doesn't he have any more poetry in his arsenal? Did he and was he the only one that went against a Bowery Motto of using New Poetry ??? Who knows. Yet, his diatribe about his amorous obsession with Bacon won out. Joel dropped a good piece and Shappy was typical greatass Shappy!!! fourth Round Krystal: 24.2 Star: 24.3 Tony:27.2 Shawn:25.4  The fourth Round saw this sexy diva named Tony give it her all and really bring in the best score for the night. Star did a group piece with Adam and it was very well rehearsed. Shawn came in with a new poem and actually threw me for a loop. I was expecting a freestyle but the poem he read seemed really new. He didn't win this round so that is something to take into account.   So, Urbana took this grudge match hands down with no competition at all. If thi grudge match is a pre-cursor to what is going to happen in nationals, I swear to the almighty fuckin dollar that I am bringing some profound shit next year.  Ok, let me write about myself. I went to the Bowery to get on the open mic to get a feel for their stage. I never did a piece there before. turns out that I was the first victim from the corporation and I had to do my piece while my hands were tied behind my back. Today, I brought new meaning to the phrase, " I now this poem so well that I could do it with my hands tied behind my back. I did the piece and dropped it perfect. I left out the last stanza to give them something new the day of the slam. I loved the way Taylor Mali comes after I finished to remove the cuffs but I already picked them and removed them. I walked off the stage and I was really feeling the vibe at Bowery. I could barely see the faces looking back so I couldn't really get distracted by anything.  Ok, back to this grudge slam. What got me pissed mostly was the bad influx of poetry that came from some of the best people on the scene. I have seen Morris feature and I am aware and KNOW that he could have dropped something better then that. I have no clue who adam Stone is and after he dropped his poem dissing Saul Williams, I won't even bother.  If you need to spend your energy on dissing another poet, I won't hold you too much in  regard. That is just how I see it.   ok, now more or less my anger is subsiding. I was realy expecting some great poetry tonight and I got served with some half ass shit. The only thing that is good here is that Urbana kicked their collective asses. I hope nationals will not be a waste of my time. I am a football player and I adopt the WIN mentality to ANY competition I do!!!!!! I am not bringing something half ass to even risk losing. Then that would give motherfuckers the opportunity to talk shit down the road. Fuck that, Bring that shit or stay home. Every time I get on that Mic, I bring 110 Percent!!!!!! I work hard off the mic to make sure that when I do get up there, I am doing the best that I can. If it doesn't go my way in the way of winning, I just work harder off the mic. It is not all about winning but If I am in something where I could win, I am going for it.   Peace, Love  Take care  Fish  >)))">