******** Machismo Redefined Review straight from the NUYO**********   Hello people, I just got home from handing out over 300 flyers for Acentos. I wasn't just going to he NUYORICAN to support my Poetic brethren, I was plugging our venue like the  mad publicist that I am.   Well, Today, June 18, 2003 was the debut of Machismo Redefined. The main participants of this interestingly thrown together accomplishment were Fred Feliciano, Nathan P, Chance, Crow. From the looks of that last sentence, Fred needs a nickname to really be in sync with the rest of the cast. I got there several seconds after the opening credits ( open mic'ers ) . So writing a review about the two that I saws would be a waste of my time.  The show finally opened up with some good cued music, I would have paid attention to the music but I started reviewing later then I would have wanted to.   The show opens with Freddy getting on the mic and traditionally getting ready to open the show. An audience member which was a female started heckling Freddy and you immediately knew it was a skit. It was actually pretty funny and even somewhat genuine. Crow comes in and tries to calm the audience member down then chance basically tells her to " Shut up and sit down " . They all go to describe ( with their own personal poems) what machismo really is to them. One by one, they poeticize the reasoning for Machismo redefined.  After this, Chance was the first Poet/ Comedian/ host/ whatever te hell he was doing up there. He drops some of his poems and he was really zoning. He was nervous but he used it to his advantage. He dropped one piece that he said was very personal to him but the sensitivity of the piece was lost when he had to describe it. Te piece could have been a tear jerker but it still needed more. He makes such a great comeback with the hosting experience that he has honed over the past several months. He was  energetic and contolled the crowd with his humor and quick wit. He deemed it appropiate to drop his signature " Chuchi the fakass Puerto Rican " Piece. I have to say that this young kat has worked hard to twist that piece into what it is today. I would not want to go up against that piece in a slam. It was a diamond in the rough and he has finally polished it and has his signature piece gleaming with a close to perfect rendition of it. Kudos to Chance  Crow enters for the second feature set. I have never seen crow before so this was his opportunity to give a great first impression on me.Most likely he will never read this but hey, let me think.... He drops a poem about " with great dick comes great responsibility". He had a good comedic strength  and it went hand in hand with the machismo redefined motto. At one point, I was lost. I wsn't aware if he was doing a poem or freestyling or something. Then he dropped " the greatest apology you never saw ". It definitely fell in the confines of the message they were trying to convey. The poem was good and it might have been just a tad too complex but the message was well received throughout the audience. A decent piece followed by comedy might have killed it for me but this was working well and getting laughs. He ends his set with a skit that turns into a really good poem. It was about his wife and even though it was somewhat of a weak start, it was an extremely strong finish.  Freddy makes his entrance and I knew something was wrong with him from the start. His voice wasn't nearly as strong as his normal Fred feliciano way. At this point, I am wondering how many times he will say " Cock ". I have always liked Freddy and his poetry is " Different " . Today, I have realized what Freddy is, he is a hands down Spoken word Comedian. I respect him for that. He does things that I can't do.   As soon as he gets on stage he starts off so well and says " give it up for me, I have a big ego ". That was funny as fuck. Probably the best line of the night. He proceeds to drop his good piece " Cock on Ice " I lost count of how many times he said cock. I have seen Freddy many times so the shock valuewasn't really there for me. Yet, with lines like " If I was able to suck my own cock, I will swallow ", it does has an essential moment that makes you go " damn " .The crowd was loving it and I was not suprised. Freddy caters to the regular crowd that laughs at most of he things he says. A poem can say cock 4 times in a comedic context and you will win over the crowd. Say it 56 times and you might win over the world. I personally won't do it that wasy but hey, to each their own. He is there and starts another piece and says that this is a serious one. He sets the crowd up and does his thing. Freddy Proceeds to drop another piece " I am the Jacques Cousteau of pussy eating ". This had everyone pretty much laughing and gigging on the endless stacks and stacks of metaphoric descriptions on how Freddy eats pussy.  With Lines like " I am a mild mannered Human resources Manager by day, at night, I am ( enter superhero them music here ) ............ PUSSY MAN!!! More lines like " My Cock the supervillian still kils me.   Another skit enters as Freddy finishes his piece. Nathan P acts as Maury Povich and sitting there was Freddy and Tanya. Freddy was there to get the results of a DNA test to prove if he was the fater of a child or not. It was a great skit to lead into  his last piece " men Suffer too ". I was very impressed on several fronts with Freddy's set and this poem. He left me with a newfound hope that one day, he wil not say " COCK ". His set was great and I have to say that his impression was strong. Regardless of how raspy his throat sounded, he did well.  Nathan  goes up and I have heard him before. I heard he was an excellendt poet and he lived up to that expectation. His choice of words and context were pretty strong. He horded some comedy and had great presence on the stage.   So, all out review of Machismo redefined goes like this........  The show was very different and I have to applaud these artist that have gotten together to pull this off. The house was packed as if it was a Friday night slam. They all delivered great poems for the show. The nerves were running pretty wild with these gys trying to pull this off. It was still well worth the time and I would recommend it to the person willing to appreciate some comedy, a comfortable setting.  This by far was no where near a Broadway production but it certain was worthy of the NUYO. The brainchild behind this was freddy and it could explain alot of the messages that were said ths evening. Most messages were..... simple. Men are going to change. They are nt going to be the typical man that eveyone sees.   Great crowd, good show  3.5 out of 5 from me.  Don't expect life changng poetry of performances but it was great to go see.  Time to go   Fish