Why here ?????   Well, here is the thing ( as Oscar always says ). I come to work every morning and I am eternally in a good mood. I am always smiling and just happy to read my paper. Yet, it is the most fragile good mood known to man. It could get shattered in mere seconds with any number of circumstances. ie: Loud ass woman heading to the welfare office beefing!!! Loud ASS KIDS!!! Some third world immigrant cutting his nails, the hardcore thug trying to rap out loud. Anything that involves a disturbance to my little world entrapped in a subway bubble bothers me.  This morning, this motherfucker gets on the train and starts with his shit, What was it?? From 205th street until my stop, he was talking about....... ( drumroll )............. Our Lord and savior Jesus Christ!!! Oh man, I was pissed. Then, he wasn't really preaching, he was more like screaming and yelling " accept the Lord and savior Jesus Christ into your life " . I am telling you, he must have known that I have different beliefs.   I have nothing against the regular joe's preaching anything, yet, isn't there a thing called " Church "? If I wanted to find God, I know where to go. If I wanted to go to any organized relegion, I know where to turn. I don't need my train turned into a moving house of worship. I see people trying to spread the word of their religion and it kills me. I respect you, but don't agitate me early in the morning.   Then, you ever had a good Sunday morning sleep disturbed by some Jehovah's Witnesses knocking early on your door?? Oh man, I hate that. Then, when you answer the door, some of them are kinda cute. I normally just open the door in my boxers and then they just leave and never come back. It works well actually. You have to be fat like me to do it though. If you are one of those hard rock fabio types, they will never leave your door unknocked.  Last night was a good night..... I headed to Poetry Hill where Chance was Late as fuck. I was about to go to Jimmy's uptown but the $15 dollar cover surely kept me from going there. I love poetry but not for 15 dollars to sit and be a loyal spectator. The open mic was pretty cool yesterday. I had a hell of a time joking around and busting Chance's chops. On the Open Mic was Shadagga, Chance, Henry ( The Ultimate Boricua ), Kevin, BopdeBop ( This kid is going to be crazy when he gets older ). Chance and I did " our want to be famous piece and we screwed up royally, talk about funny. I then did my Apocalypse piece and everything was good. Butterfly soul was the feature for the night and we had a good time just joking around.  It was a getaway last night and I didn't have to deal with any drama , it felt good.  Ok  Time to bounce  Peace, Love  Take care  Fish  >)))">