Best Monday I have had in a while   Well, Monday comes and goes and I always tend to reflect Tuesday morning.  Louder Monday was the usual string of confusion and Organized chaos at the beggining until the flow was established. I was kinda pissed at the start of the evening because if you say you are going to do something during the day, that takes priority over rehearsal and all the other mierda. You want to rehearse, do it at home, the train, before you get there. I am a worker and when I say I am going to do something, I am going to do it and do it 100%. I am not half assing. I see alot of that and it is really upsetting. Now, other then that....... The night was really good. The format was   LouderJAM  with   Elana Bell  hosting. I had a feeling she was going to actually just do well. She actually impressed me and did pretty good. She was talking too much shit up there but regardless, she did well. I told her at the end of the night, she did well.   The open mic was really decent with a couple of stragglers making it for a good evning. THe highlight of the open mic was a certain " newbie " reading a poem for the first time. The poem was said to be " the best poem of the night. The newbie you ask?? It was Lenny. Good ol Lenny read a poem and it was nothing more but extremely heartfelt. It was a gushing of emotions of how we came to be. She declared her love on stage and the best poets in the house came to her telling her that she was awesome. THat is what happens aftr 9 months of hearing poetry, YOU BETTER BE GOOD AT WRITING IT.!    " Congrats ma , I was very happy to see you up there "  I was talking to several people about trying to get them to do the 2nd installment of the Rikers showcase. I have some good people and I am waiting for some confirmations. Once July 3rd comes around, I am going to know for sure who will be doing their thing. If you are not there , you are going to miss one hell of a show.  I had to talk to Mr Shawn Randall about some topics that I wrote about several weeks ago on the blog. No biggie, " Shawn, I will catch you on the rebound " IF anything, leave your peace in the guestbook BRotha!!!!!  LOL  The Faith Project was really something of interest. It is combining different religions and putting all under the same umbrella of " Faith ". They did a small snippet last night and of course, I didn't see anything that embraces my Faith, but it was good. I might actually finally support them and see what this is all about.  Time to bounce, be good  Peace, Love  *********  This is the poem that was read to me last night, via Lenny. **********  Finding Love Through Poetry  Sept. 28, 2002 That was the day that was destined to change my life.  A clear and Sunny day it was Looking to expand my horizons was my purpose Poetry was the calling And cornelia’s was the place Not a Poet myself, but a listener  Alcohol still running through my veins from the night before In early celebration of the day I was born To my surprise, this was the day I met my Love. The funny part, was that I didn’t even know it. Not yet formally introduced and not knowing what to expect He recites  His voice, powerful and captivating I was overwhelmed by the words flowing from his lips Wow! Was what I felt I will never forget that performance  As days went by.. He….Filled with interest and I…Filled with confusion and Fear Fear of getting my heart broken Not knowing which direction to take, Rejection was all I knew to give  and each time I rejected,  my heart said I was wrong for doing so  A few months and 4 chances later, which were given to me I had in my arms a man who treated me like a queen Unfamiliar territory it was to me Was this Real? Was all I thought Or was this another trick that life was playing on me One to add to my many days of pain and disappointments But no….This time I was proven wrong He WAS different And I….. Was sure.. All I wanted was to love and be loved and here was that chance  A man more perfect I couldn’t ask for A man perfect for me that is He opened doors that I never knew existed and for this I thank him He gave me new hope that led me to believe that There were still a few good men left in this world Now, I was privileged to say I had me a good man!  December 25th was the happiest day The day I was asked to be his officially As scared, nervous, and happy thoughts ran through my mind I said yes….  My prince had finally arrived A man, intimidating to others But a different man I knew One who was warm, respectful, Affectionate, loving, kind, giving, and Patient Was the man I knew and grew to care for and love Happy days followed And now, I don’t want those days to ever end  A strong bond has been built between us One that makes him a part of me as much as I am a part of him  Who knew I would find love through poetry Who knew that the man I would end up loving Was a man named Fish….