These are the weird things I think about   ok.....Dirty Blog today.  Why is it as a man that is an avid Porno watcher, the remote and my finger on the fast forward button go hand in hand? Till this day, I don't know anybody, female or male, that sits down and watches four hours of straight porn. It is usually is spurts of 20 - 30 mins.  After that, off  goes the VCR and you are done for the day.  I remember my first experience with watching porn. I was in Puerto Rico and a cousin of mines was single and oned over 200 pornos. Now, I am not kidding, he had over two hundred flicks. He had them all mixed up with his regular movies. So his blood and mines run in the same veins so we never even napped. We broke night and about 8 in the morning he fell asleep. I went through his flicks and just popped in another tape and on comes this dude and this chic.I was about 15 and I had no idea what was going on.  No matter what I SAW IN pLAYBOY AND SPOKE TO THE FELLAS ABOUT IT, YOU ARE STILL shocked when you see it. Now, I am looking at them just pounding away and I see something kinda strange. The chic is also packing. Now I am like, ok, I am not that dumb but I thought women did not pack. That chic actually is packing ( she hung too ). Ok, now picture me looking at the TV , head cocked sideways, wondering what the hell is going on. Then, of course, I turned it off because I didn't want my cousin catching me. I go catch some z's and I am confused. Next night..........  I go pop in the tape and made sure I rewind that sucker to the beggining. Who ever recorded the movie started from a quarter through. So , I couldn't see it from the start. Ok, so getting the title will not help. Let me see, I start watching it again and the same chic pops up. So I think, maybe is a dude with long hair and the guy is catching wreck on her anal. Another camera angle and the it wasn't anal. Now, I am really confused. With that confusion comes fear. Are all girls like this ??? Is there a deep dark worldwide secret that no one mentioned to me? The dude has her ( or it as I refer to the chic ) in the spooning position and she starts stroking her meat. I lost it when some shot something out of her meat. Turned off the porno and didn't touch a girl until I was 18!!!! Till this day, I am still a little bit scared at that who thing. Was she a trans sexual??? nope. She was a hermerphrodite. The wonderful people that have the best of both worlds. Damn, don't be making porno's and fucking kids heads up though.  That was my first porn experience. After that, years of careful research. I now make sure that the porno is worth my eyeballs. Of course, with that being said, I came across two brand new ones in a box last night at a friends spot. He was getting rid of them so I took. They are old as hell. Nothin says humor like two white people with Mullets ( old hair do's ) fucking. Nothing says humor like seeing Ron Jeremy weighing 140 pounds ( he weighs about 230 lbs now ).   Is porn bad?? Is porn for dirty old pervert's such as myself?? Well, I know this much. Most people come across porn and they see at least ten mins of it.  Some people see porn and they are turned off !!!!!!! Thay are so disgusted that they keep it in the drawer until nobody is around and play it over and over again.  So for all you porno enthusiast out there. WE MUST UNITE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Peace, Love,  I love you like I love ceviche  Fish  >)))">