LIfe is good   I come to work today and I feel really good. I have been in a mental rut for a while now but today I woke up, farted, rolled out of bed and smiled. Things like this is what makes me wonder why does life get hard??  You all know that I am the happiest go lucky person out there. Nothing in my life can be bad enough to make me suffer and be miserable. Yet, when I know others are hurting and in dire need of a shoulder, hug, friendly smile. I tend to suffer for them.  I feel for people so much and it hurts me to see them hurting. Funny thing is, it's like a vicious cycle. If I am the one doing the hurting to somebody, I hurt also. Hold on, I am doing the hurting so how can I hurt???  Easy, I am the lacky that has caused emotional pain to someone, that is not cool.  I have this problem and someone might think that alot of people are like this. Well, I tend to give things thought for too much time. IF I am having a conversation with you and you mention that they are laying people off in your job and your job is in jeapordy, I will tell you, " You will be ok ". Then I am off and I will feel this weight on these shoulders that will literally crush me into the ground.   I have shed many tears this week over my life getting pulled in 30 different directions. I have gone into seclusion somewhat because my constant need to be alone is hurting tooo many people. My dad's job teetering on the edge. My friends in finacial straits. I have too much to worry about. The way I used to counter this was the good ol fashioned " Fuck it ". I would just wake up and say " Fuck everything " and walk a happy strut across my ghetto.  Thing is, I can't say that to my writing, I have never had something that I have loved so much in my life. I love to just write. Whatever the case might be, Poetry, journal, letter, screenplay for my first porno. I love to just get my fingers moving on a keyboard and type some shit.  I am good . I am happy today.  Last night was Acentos and it was actually pretty good. I got there a little bit toooo late because of fucking traffic but that it was a good time to get there. The crowd was pretty consistant as it has stood that way since day one. The features last night were good. Michelle Kotler from the Community Word Project had to be the most grateful feature we have had at Acentos. She is completely adamant about her cause to help the less fortunate and I felt that it was heartfelt. Rachelle Street read one of her poems about her kids. Lisa read a poem in which I would hate to go up against in a slam. That girl has a great heart and you can feel that she is good people.  The crowd was good last night and the open Mic was very strong. Shit, suprisingly strong actually.  I got to sell 5 Cd's last night and i WAS  happy about that.  I am pimpin those cd's like my rent depended on it. I even sold one on the train this morning. I am telling you, This big intimidating body works well to scare people into buying product.  At the start of the night, the cd's weren't going to sell for 15. Yet, with the courtesy of the Acentos Founders, we sold them for ten and they went pretty good. I hope the powers that be will realize that 10 is better then 15.  sidenote : Ja-rule is going to get killed real soon. Mark my words  Back to our program.  Hope you are all well  Be good.  Peace.