What makes me.......... me?   What is the answer to that age old question? What makes Fish? Could I go out on a limb and give you a detailed description of what makes me??? NOPE. You have to figure that out on your own.  I am at work and I am fighting this damned nasal thing. I have chronic nasal problems and it kills me. Not the point.  Well, I was washig my teeth this morningand thinking what topic I am going to brush on in the blog today. Back in the day, I used to talk about sex, blowjobs, and how much I hate life. Now, I only talk about Poetry and how much I love life. I think I am offically gay. Hung out yesterday with my thug buddies. After the afternoon shift ( ends at 8pm) of selling drugs. I met up with them to have a quick bite to eat. I love them kats like nobody else. I felt seriously out of place.  I keep my conversation about me at a minumal ( is that spelled right ?). I don't want overkill them with all this talk about Poetry and what I have been doing, it would overshadow their days of " Bitches and gossip ".    The conversations mainly were routed to who fucked who, lack of money, things have changed. I was talking to a former " boss " of mines and his words were " how the fuck do you do it ?". I always attest my success and happiness to living as simple as possible. I have been trying my hardest to make these motherfuckers think that life is not that bad out of the hood. They have this incredible fear and confused notion that they belong and have to stay in the ghetto. I tell them to experience other lifestyles besides Hennesy and the occasional travel back and forth to Santo Domingo to get laid. They don't listen to me. They compare me to the radical revolutionary that tries to change what he grew up in.  I honestly don't want to change nobody, I just want them to know there is sooo much more then just " Watson AVE ". There is so much more then hanging out and getting fucked up. There is more then having the fattest car, nicest clothes, biggest chain, most money.  We hit a real sour note when we started talking about all the brothers that have died. I mentioned the poem that I wrote for one of our best friends. They wanted to read it and I read it for them. Sure enough, the last 3 sentences keep me choked up. I shed some tears. So out of the 6 people eating, 6 were wiping away tears. We all knew Freddy and looked up to him as our mentor and he was taken away from us. On this table, I could point out enough dirt to make sure we all do life in jail. Yet, we took a moment of silence, cried, then laughed.  I miss the fellas but in being with them, I realized that lifestyle was going to kill me and maybe do something worst. In our field, death is not the worst thing. So, my life turned for a postive note and I appreciate it. Life is good for me.   So, as I didn't do it last night......  " For my niggas, I put this cup up and toast to a long life. I will never judge you nor condemn you. I am a thug and I will always have your back. Even if it is just in thought, I love ya niggas "  Kinda fucked up in the head today.  Peace, Love  Fish  >)))">