Acentos Perfection....... Just a teensy weensy bit too hot   Oh man, Acentos is shaping up to be one of the best venues that has been birthed in the South Bronx. The founders might have had their skills honed in midtown but they have reaped the benefits and brought it to Mott Haven. Acentos was a great mix once more as a steady crowd streamed into The Blue Ox Bar. Some regulars and new audience members took up every chair in the house. The open mic was a strong mix of wonderful Acentos vets with two new voices shining in the 3- 5 minute spotlight. Lila ( Curator and strong arm of Poetry Hill ) read on the mic. Others to take the plunge were Rich Villar, Nashid Chance, Mabel ( A.K.A Loca ), Acentos regular and seasoned spoken word veteran Holmes McHenry and our very own Superintendent on premises, Ultimate Boricua Henry Valentin. All the reads were strong and were much appreciated by the crowd and Acentos alike.  Our Feature for the evening was the epitome of a Bronx born poet. Steven " Bonafide " Rojas gave us a mental road trip through his growing up latino. His poem dedicated to his dad, his students, to his heritage and upbringing had the Blue Ox attentive and entranced. A great feature with a knack of story telling and kind barbs to his mother and sister that were indiscreetly seated in the audience gave for a great evening.  A new format experimented for the first time at Acentos was a Question and answer session curated by Oscar. The questions asked ranged from an ardent reading of poetry to furthering your knowledge of the craft.  A personal insight to the accomplishments and  life of Bonafide gave everyone in Blue Ox bar an extreme sense of family and commonality.  Our mission statement was brought to life!!!!!!!  All together, great night, great feature. June 24th, 2003. Join us for the next Acentos spotlight shining of " Toro ". A new Jersey based poet that gave us a taste on  the Acentos Open mic and we had to ask him to come give us more.  Take care  Fish