My motherfuckin niggas   What's up people's. I hope that you are all doing well.  I am back at the blogger thing and I have seen tis thing grow into something integral amongst my peers, friends, confidants, and even lovers. I have opened my doors of emotions and have received e-mails that have rejuvenated me. They have taken my life apart and put it back together better then it was before. Is it right that 85% of the times that I write on here that i have to open up??? If it proves that people that care will write me and open up themselves and in turn we help each other, so be it.  I, myself am surrounded by great people that I am starting to love very dearly. The taking time out to write me a letter about the organization of Oscar's Birthday shindig and the love they felt. The Thank you's about the Rikers Showcase. This makes the world turn for me. Thank you guys  Ok, yesterday was Rikers and the showcase that I organized for the fellas ( inmates ). Ginna, Lynne, Oscar, Edward, Bonafide, Helen, and myself headed to the Isalnd with poems in tow to read. Ray was there but do to my momentary lapse of stooooopidity, I left Ray mond behind. I truly have to make it up to him. This mainly because he didn't seem quite upset and didn't blow a fuse when I spoke to him. I will make it up with a dinner or something. Roger was supposed to be there also but the trini was sleeping. I will let him slide becuase when a brother hussles as hard as he does, I can't blame the cat for getting a couple of z's.  We made our way onto he Island with minamal hassle and the fellas were all there ready , willing, and attentive.  Anyway, we got to the class and starting the read was one of the fellas with a poem about NY. It was good to hear them read.  Lynne started her read and she did great as always, Ginna seemed rather tired and she gave it her all. Oscar went up introduced then to Oscar the Poet. Helen read a poem that touched the fellas in more ways then one. The emotion that she gave off made the guys aware of the power of the word. Ed Garcia went up and introduced the fellas to some poetry that had seckles of Humor. Bonafide killed it as he best knows how.  I dropped most of the poets after we got off the island and made my way to my house. It is 4:30 and I haven't touched my bed. I wrote the whole night. I wrote my own perosnal mission statement and I am happy as fuck with how my life is going. The showcase had me thinking of so much more of what we can do as an organization to the less fortunate. Acentos brings poetry to the Bronx. Louder brings new emerging voices. What are we going to do personally? This Freshstart Program is loving Louder and we are cemeting a solid relationship. This will do nothing but give us more resources in spreading poetry and writing. In my search in becoming a better writer, I also want to engage the far less talented and make them realize that a Pen and Paper can change a life. I have always said that Poetry has changed my life. I am realizing something very slowly. Poetry is a small part of something much bigger that I am becoming a part of. Writing!!!!!!!!!!  Writing is giving me breathe. Writing is pumping the blood through my veins. Writing is the foundation of everything I am standing for.  One day, I am going to write everything that I know. From day one until the day I die, I am going to write everything. Let's see what happens then.  Today was the second open house at the Bronx Academy of Letters ( High School for Creative Writing ). I made my presence known and had a good candid conversation with the Principal, Joan Sullivan. I blatantly told her, to just let me know where she would want the LouderARTS project to fit in Her curriculum. She was very adament that she definitely wanted to work with us. So with that said, I think our finger is embedded ( Like those reporters in Iraq ) quite well. Understandby so, I can't teach for the Board of ed because of my record. I shed enough tears because of that. My mistake in 1998 is costing my progress in 2003. I still won't let that stop me.  I have some teaching things that are coming up and I am totally excited. I might actually have something going on in the Bedford Hill Correctional Facility ( jail for women ) to teach some poetry and writing.  I took Marty's workshop today and I was very happy with the outcome. I learned some things and that is always good. We did a great exercise about what we want, can have, can't have.  I noticed that I am not too much into the material things. I just need the good ol happiness, love, and cherishment.    Thanks to all the guys that have gone to rikers and showed the fellas love. I appreciate so much the time you took out. I know it is hard. THANK YOU a million times over.  Let me run. I need some sleep  Good Night  :)  Oh.... I have to shout out my new Cuban connection. I didn't write you back because I rather write quality and something worthy of a read. I appreciate the e-mail. You are a good dude, with a heart to match. I am glad you have made your way to our little world. Have fun in the work shop.  Fish  >)))">