the matters of loss and pain   Good morning, I took a day off from the job today. I needed to stay away from the nonsense in my job. It is not that bad but this has been a hard week and just trekking into Manhattan was hard. Next week Monday will be a new day and I am just going to do my thing. I got my hours worth of sleep and I feel ok today. Of course life could be better.  Here are some thoughts for the masses.............  Have you ever felt that you knew for a fact that you were in love ? You had that one person i your life that you knew was the perfect person for you and for some insane reason, your heart was broken.  Does your heart heel?? Do you live life as a lesson learned ?  I have no freakin clue as to what life has in store for me and that sometimes brings me to this serious depressing mode!!! I wish I could just wake up and say,  " I know what I am going to do " and keep walking in that direction. This is the negative side of letting things fall in your lap and not going after something.  I get scared pretty easy when it comes down to my emotions and sometimes I wonder why the heart is so fragile. I know it is like stained glass when it comes down to family, relationships, and tight freinds. Other then that, I am a fuckin rock to society. I remember when I was younger, nothing phased me. I didn't have a care in the world. No worries about work. No financial worries. No relationship to nurture. Nothing. Then life hit. Oh shit. Life hit with a ton of bricks. Fell in love, bitch broke my heart. rebounded with the next chic and thought I was in love. Moved out with her and spent about 10 g's on my first apartment and she tried to take everything. Moved out to my own apartment and in NYC, alone and paying bills if hard as fuck!!!! Been through some shit ( ie. Locked up, doing constant dirt to get out of financial dire straits, hated everything, lost friends, ). This has made me a skeptic. This has made me me into a wall that will take years to crack.  It is hard for me just to be me.   I am a good dude. I am loyal to my friends. I am good to my family. I am loving.  Still, It is all just me  Ok. I am going to Rikers today with a showcase of awesome poets to put a show on for the students. Today trekking to rikers will be...........  Oscar Bermeo Fish Raymond Daniel Medina Lynne Procope Roger Bonair Agard GinnaKarla Nicolas Steven Bonafide Rojas Helen Yum Edward Garcia  This are the highest caliber of Poets in maybe all of NYC.  They will read for the students and I hope  will get at least one student to write after his release. This program has meant the world to me because I feel like I am giving back. So much to do but such little time to do it in with this guys.  Well, I be off.  Peace    LouderARTS Project