when plans come together, life is grand   2 am and I have no intentions on sleeping. This is was happens when you feel good and you are afraid of going to sleep. Yea, I haven't been sleeping that much because of this one recurring dream that is really fuckin with me. Not the point......  Just got back from Oscar's Birthday shindig in Brooklyn. Talk about a nice turn out. I wish I had all them bastards at every Acentos. I would be one happy camper. I walked in with Oscar at 8:35pm and 90% of the people that I hae invited were there. Oscar wasn't really that suprised cause he knew that we were headed to the Ceviche spot. I still don't think that he knew the scope of the people that were going to be there. Shit, I even invited Taylor Mali and he showed with Dawn Saylor. That is fucking cool.  So....... Guy, Salome, with two kids in tow........ Eric Cheryl Boyce taylor ( Thank you for more then just showing up ) Youlanda Jayme Lynne Roger Marty Elana Edward Jeannie Ginna Mara Bonafide Seve or Steve or whatever name I could call him Maria Rich Villar Jay Keith Miguel Mary My Motherfuckin nigga E dawG!!! Helen Yum Raymond Diane   I am not much of a public speaker but I made my small speech for Oscar.  Ray read a small poem dedicated to Oscar and it was nice. Ginna tapped into her comedic well and read something cute for Oscar. We wished him a happy Birthday and everything went really nice. We took out this cake that Maria ( The chef ) baked and it was hands down incredible. She wrote a couple of poems on top of the cake with a fountain pen and an inkwell. The cake was perfect for a poet.  Most of us to almost all of us had the Shrimp ceviche and we all joked and laughed.  I hope that the OMX was happy and he deserves this. Even though we all have our differences and issues, we all tend to love one another unconditonally. A couple of people didn't show up and I don't really mind. To think of the positive, we just had a good time.  I just wish that someone was there to enjoy the food.   :(  Time to run..........  I have a new piece that was born today and I have to work at it.  Peace