Moving again   Sometimes I wonder when I am going to have an office that I would stay for the rest of my days here. Once again, I am moving. I was actually liking it up here. No one would bother me and I spend most of my days out of sight. The more moves and changes I go through in this job, the more I resent every bit of this place. Don't get me wrong, I love this job. Yet, these motherfuckers change shit cuase there is nothing to do and they want to make it seem as if there IS something to do.   I am back at my job today and Not many people knew, I was home yesterday. I would blame it on the French food I had the night before but I doubt it. I am going to chalk it up to stress and more stress.  Why am I stressed??? Well, it is officially over between my significant other and I.  This is the funny part. We got along great, we helped each other, she supported me and I the same for her. The sex was great. Nothing was done to warrant a break up such as she played me or I played her.  No third party affiliations caused the end. What caused the end?? I would say something life altering. I would say something so mind blowing that I couldn't be with her. I know that a mix of things is in my head and I could put my finger on some of them............ Fear emotional instability This ardent yearning for a solitary existence ( I wanted to be alone ) Seeing someone falling in love with you when you know you can't give that back  The only things I could say over and over again is that I am sorry and I feel so much pain. You know when you let something go, you think it is for the better. I hope that in doing that, it is for the better of everything i our lives. Funny thing, I couldn't even bring myself to grips to say " It's over ". I feel that it will never be over. I feel that we will always be a part of each other. As lovers, friends, confidants, we have made that integral connection that comes under stringent emotional bonding.   She is probably going to read this and maybe cry. She will probably get to writing a letter and zip it over in an e-mail. I just know that sooner or later, everything will be ok. Right now, shit is just fucked up.  I am going out with napoleon tonight  ( Non-poetry ). After that, home to sleep and NOT write.   Ok.  I debuted a new piece yesterday that most likely I will read at Bar 13 Monday. I haven't read there for a very long time. I blame Guy, he kept me off the Mic. It is all his fault. It is easy to blame him now. He left the collective so it is easy to blame the nigga that left. These are the things I am blaming Guy on:  There is Peace is the middle east coming ......... Blame Guy Hot 97 summer jam was a sucess....... Blame Guy I got sick and stood home moping....Blame Guy Hilary wrote a book about her husband's betrayal......Blame Guy Racheal and Joey are getting kinky on Friends...... Blame Guy Guy is reading this blogger cause he has nothing to do at work......... Blame Guy  Ok, enough pandering to you blogger readers.   I am doing well and I have several things going on in the next few days.  I will get back to my thing and I catch up with ya.  Peace, Love,