Someone actually threatened to knock my teeth out   Yes, you have read that right, someone actually told me, fish, that they will knock my teeth out. Yesterday was my day to change the batteries in the panic doors on all fire exits in my company. This is a responsibility of the....." Fire Safety Director ". I actually don't think that these people know that if a fire breaks out, I would call them from the safety and confines of the street. LOL. Anyway, I was changing these batteries and I saw this lady several floors down catching some puffs from a cancer stick. So, I jokingly told her that smoking in the building was not allowed. Her opening the emergency exit door would compromise the safety of my employees. She proceeded to ask me who I was and why I was in her business. She then told me to shut the fuck up before she comes up and knocks my teeth out. Funny is when I yelled down and told her what floor I was on and to come and do me the favor of giving me free dentistry. I was already slightly pissed and just chalked it up to a stupid bitch that I wouldn't see ever again. About three seconds later, this trashy bitch walk onto my floor and say who the hell are you!!??  I was like, oh, you promised to knock my teeth out, do me the favor!! Got up from my knees and walked out of the darkness and she for some reason got really quiet. She got her bearings back and tried to intimidate me by saying, I am getting fired for talking to her is this grievous manner. This bitch is nobody in this building and she thinks she is getting me fired. I have been here 14 going on 15 years. I hob knob with the creme de la creme of this building and this trashy cancer filled heathen thinks she could threaten me. I followed he to the elevator and sure enough, he boss is Susan Cuccinello that I have know for a full 15 years in this building. When her boss came out and hugged me, I said " We have to talk about one of you extremely rude, arrogant, and unprofessional employees. I could have ripped that bitch a new asshole. I chose not too. I just told Susan that the lady had a slight attitude and needed it to be checked. Sure enough, I left her office and walked passed the lady and I stopped at her desk and leaned over, " Enjoy unemployment ". She was not happy. I don't want anyone to lose their job, times is tough right now.I could have been on mean motherfucker, yet, I was nice. So, I have done two good deeds in the span of 1 week.   Today is OMX birthday. Email that little nigga and tell him Happy Birthday!! CAll his ass, Shout his old ass out....!!!!!!!!!!!  Peace  Regardless of what you read here. It is a very hard day for me. I am ok thought. I am good at hiding things out and I don't want that one person that means alot to me thinking that my life is going on as if nothing has changed.  Life is hard sometimes.