THis is what it is all about!!!!!!!!!!   **********  This is the e-mail that I received from a fellow artist. I have asked her permission to share this e-mail and she agreed. Understand that things like this is what makes life very nice. Hey Fish, Whats Up?    So today, I have been surfing through poet's journals, (as I just started putting together my own on my site), and I came across yours and your latest entry. I felt really passionate about it, so I wanted to send you a note. I really loved the way you expressed yourself and I hope you don't mind me sharing some of my thoughts on the subject with you.   I have spent a lot of time this past month or two thinking about the concept of  peer criticism in the poetry "scene", and how to deal with it. I am from the camp as you mentioned that we all have the right to critique anything, but also believe how we deal with our critiques is also very important. I would much rather someone come to my face, and give me constructive criticism, then trash me behind my back. But this rarely happens. Criticism is difficult. For everyone, but I think some people hide it better than others. I am the first to  admit that I'm real sensitive about my work, and any criticism I have had has been a difficult pill to swallow, but I am working on getting better at receiving it, and it has made me a stronger person. I have had to accept not everyone has to like my work, or relate to it. BUT rarely has the criticism sent my way, been presented in an honest constructive artist to artist communication, and I feel that is unfortunate. That is not to say I would agree with everything someone says, because as artists  I believe we have the right  to filter the criticism we get, because it is not always free of bias. Sometimes if  people come into a situation wanting to not like someone, it is so  very easy to find lots of faults in them and  to pick them to shreds. but again I  would rather someone be upfront with me, or as you mentioned just keep the thoughts to themselves. In my book, Thats ok as well. We don't all have to be vocal critics.  BUT, I also take responsibility for occasionally  falling into this kind of behavior, and loved your "open call" statement. Falling into the bandwagon and putting peoples work down in a non-constructive way, can be a very contagious attitude. I am really, really  trying to stay away from this kind of behavior and  your statement " we are better than nobody as people" really struck home. On that note, I also add that I think sometimes people will not like the Person because of their poetry and though as poets we speak from our personal  thoughts and ideas, someone can be not a great poet but a great person.   I had a recent situation where I sat down to  read some poetry of a poet that I know does not care much for my work. The instinctive attitude I felt myself having while reading it was that I was trying to find something I didn't like about it because on a  real basic human level  I was hurt that this person didn't like me, or my work!  But what happened was I LOVED ALL HIS POETRY. Really loved it,  and respected it so much, and then I  felt more sad, because I thought, wow, this person maybe could have been a great person to talk to about my work with, but instead it never played itself out like that.  In any case I also think the concept of SLAM probably contributes to some of this, because well competition can bring out so many things in people. I for one, am kinda happy my slam year has come to a close. I feel like its really time to get back to the lab to write, and slam demands a certain attitude that I'm just kinda exhausted with right now. I had to laugh about your section about people with their "slam strategy science" . I also have heard EVERY strategy under the sun, and, you are right that it is so unpredictable!  I've done the same everything on different nights and had totally different results. I actually I think it is THAT stuff that  that I'm exhausted with more than the performing of the pieces in a slam. I'm soooooooo not a strategy girl. LOL!  It gets me all frenzied and twisted in my head. I just wanna get up on the stage and do my thing, but it always seems more complicated, and i beat myself up about it after.  Anyway, I feel kinda crazy sharing all this with you, cause, well I know we've never really spoken much, and  of course there is a part of me that must accept, you might not like me or my poetry, and after all this  (LOL) that might put you in a position to have to be real honest with me or not answer me at all!  but seriously whatever you think of me or my work, it's cool, cause well, like I said this is just  part of my journey to accept everything for what it is, and I'm really happy to have stumbled upon your thoughts today. It definitely had an impact on me.  From one artist to another, I really respect what you had to say, and how you said it.   Peace-   ******** This is something that makes me smile.   Peace......... Fish