Profound conversations and the Nuyo    I finally got my time to write the masses. I have soooo much to write but I will keep it to what I feel is most important. I won't divulge what I feel should be kept business oriented between the people that run the business. Ok.......  Friday was the last Nuyo Run off Slam. The participants were Rob Neil ( In which I was rooting for ), Hostage, Anacaona, Mister E, Vanessa ( the Hebrew Mamita ) Hiderig. If I killed the spelling on any of those names, don't be offended. The slam was prety strong and I have seen all the poets do their work before. I knew that if hostage killed them early he would take the slam, sure enough, I was right. He took the crowd to what " ignorant masses" want to hear. He dropped this poem in which some people thought was not a good poem. Yet, he got a perfect 30.   Some of the poets dropped some really good pieces but they didn't bare so well. This is the part where I say that slams are unpredictable. I have heard different takes on the slam scene from many different poets. Not one has convinced me of " their " science " to winning a slam. I have heard people talk strategy and they didn't win. I have heard people just go with the flow and drop a 9 minute poem and get a 30.  Slams are just like football, baseball, and everything else competitive. You never can really know for sure how to win it. There is strategy but which one to use??? So, I am glad that I haven't been all about slams when it comes down to this scene. I have only slammed  4 times. 2 times at Bar 13. 1 time at Bucknell University. 1 time at BCC. I were in them and I wasn't ready and I did very well considering. I am getting ready now to just do my thing. In the BCC slam, out of 35 poets, I made the top 5. I stepped down because I wasn't happy with the judging system and I found it very unfair. So I decided to leave. It was a $500 dollar top prize, $300 dollar second  spot, $250 dollar third spot. Money doesn't make a poet, winning doesn't make a poet. A writer that dedicates his time to create awesome work that will touch the majority of society is what makes a good writer. This brings me to another point. As of this moment, I am in no way nor how interested in submitting any of my work for publishing, grants, lit mags, newspapers, contests, or anythng for that matter. I don't feel comfortable with people reading my work as of yet. The reason why it took me soo long to share my words was because that is all I had, now, I share them on the mic and on paper with a very selective few. In time, my work will beg " me " to be published, until then, I am in a very safe place with my writing and it will stay there until otherwise.  Well, as a poet that is better then the average writer( first timer I guess ). I have cuaght myself on occasion saying things about other poets that is not constructive, productive, nor optimistic. I tend not to like it when other poets convey their opinion as if it was law and the poem they just heard was not " up to par " with the expantancy of the better poet. It is something that I have heard, seen, and even taking part in. I am part of a certain society that has the ardent responsiblity of bringing and giving new voices an opportunity to better themselves and finding themselves as writers. Why should I shoot anybody down if their poem sucked?? So, in order to change anybody else, I wil have to change my self in order to bring change. Up next is an open call..........  " If I am with you, and I hear an open mic'er/ poet recite a very bad piece, call me out if I make a remark that puts down that poet. Also, I ask anyone that is with me, I no longer would like to hear condescending remarks about a poet that is not that good. Instead of shouting them out, think of how to make them better. Of course, there are poets that are not that good and we don't like them as a person, well, no comments will be my norm "  We are better then nobody as people. Some people don't like others for a variety of reasons. What brings me to this is the hypocrisy that i have personally seen amongst some of my piers. I do not understand how people can talk about them and then smile when they are in the same room. I for one do not like you, I will not associate myself with you. Hypocrites are the worst forms of life in this world. Hypocrites are snitches and rats in my neighborhood and they tend to get shot, killed and smacked.  I tend to shy away from people like that.  Society is not a perfect science . Friendships, relationships, work, and everything else involved socially will have good parts and it's bad parts. We have the right to critique anything, but we also have the right to defend anything we feel is worth defending. Things will be simply put, not everything will make everyone happy. Things will always leaning towards a direction that will make one person unhappy. On the parallel, it is leaning in the same direction that is making another extremely happy.  I am a writer and I will ever be anything else but a writer. Under the umbrella of writer comes a great person, funny, sexually frustrated.  Take care,  Peace, Love,