one century is toooo long   So, Bob hope has died less then two months after turning 100. Damn, I do not want to reach the age of 100.  Let me get to about 80 with some pseudo health issues and I would welcome the grim reaper with open arms. Especially if the grim reaper is naked under that black garb they wear.  Let the grim reaper look hot after a seafood meal and I would bend the reaper over and initiate my whole hearty loving that only Fish knows how to give. So, Mr Hope, Thank you for all the memories and I hope that you will have a great time in comedy heaven with , Frank Sinatra, Sammy DAvis Jr, Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, John Wayne, Abbott and Costello, Every one of the stooges, Lucille Ball, Desi Arnez and everyone else.   So, should I be upset today from some nonsense that happened yesterday???? I was livid yesterday!!!!!!!! I was invited to go to a BBQ in Pa and I was incredibly happy to go. I wake up and get dressed. I grab this cooler that I got from my job ( I 'll explain later ) and I am walking to my car. I grab my cell phone to call my homegirl. The number was not there. I was fuckin pissed. I couldn't remember the number for the life of me. Seems that someone must have deleted the number the day before either by istake or on purpose. Regardless, I will never let anyone even touch my fuckin phone. Now, I had to deal with someone wondering why I haven't called to say wither I am not going or whatever the case might be. The excuse of " Someone deleted your number " is as cheesy as it can get.  I had to wait for them to call me ( then probably beef and shit ) and then figiure out what I to do. I got the phone call and after festering for about 4 hours from the initial on-set of bullshit, I headed out to Pa ( poconos ) to be exact.    Got out there and it was kinda cool, regardless of the ribbing that I got for getting there mad late. I still made the best of it and tried to have a good time. Coming home wasn't that bad since traffic was light and it pretty much went straight through.   Interesting was going over there seeing a really bad accident. I read in the paper this morning that a rotten and dead tree limb fell on a car. It killed the driver and broke another girls neck. Gotta be careful these days. Coming back home was crazy because too many people were in afucking rush and they were driving like animals.  Anyway, I had an ok time but I can't really get it out of my mind about that phone issue. I don't like when things like that happen.  Anyway, I am here at the job and I will bid ya ado.  Take care  Fish