I did my best but my best wasn't good enough     Oh man,   The Last American Virgin  had to be the movie that " American Pie was based on. I forgot how funny that moviw was. I saw it when I was young and was amazed by the gratuitous breast shots and sex scenes. I was 11 and saw these girls walking around in naked and I should have known that 10 years later, I would be a full fledged pervert.  Anyway, did anyone notice on the top of the blogger that they have a link where to buy Puerto Rican Sovenirs( did I spell that right ?) I hope it is for everybody and not just by race.   So , here I sit in my living room with laptop on lap. trying to collect the various thoughts swirling in my head. I have this one thought floating that wants to explode but it would become a rant. Toda, I am not all about ranting. Today, I give you the " Pseudo-intellectual " side.  Last night was a good night. I was pretty happy with how everything turned out. I decided to go catch Mr Loudpoet himself "   Guy LeCharles Gonzalez  at the Pink Pony series at Cornelia last night. This was my first time there and I was expecting some serious intellectual poetry. I was expecting some Law professors reading some poetry filled with so many analogies, metaphors, that I would be blown away. Well, when you expect something, you get something different. Sure enough, it was different. I missed Guy's feature set but at least I was there to support. When I did get there, the open mic list had 29 people. THat is hands down crazy to have that many people. Then, 29 people getting to read two poems each, I have no clue how the fuck they pulled it off but they did. The series wasn't bad. It was just different.  Best part was when Iwas laving and I saw a great little roll cart in a weird place. Uh, the garbage to be exact. I looked at it, it was in perfect condition, into my trunk it goes.  It fits perfect for all my chapbooks and Cd's.  Headed over to the Nuyo with Rich and Oscar. After a battle with the parking Gods, we had somewhat of a Success. Got to that infamous Nuyo and the line was one step above retarded. So, I got into Salesman mode and went down the line and got to sell two CD's on the line.   Once inside, I set up a merch table to pimp myself as the whore that I am. Seeling Cd's is a fulltime job. You can't expect them to sell themselves.  The Slam last night was better then the bowery. I guess that some of the Poetry was more seasoned material then the " new " stuff they had to read at the Bowery regionals. The Nuyorican team took it once again. They did well and I have to give them credit. The set of the night had to go to Celena Glenn with the back up of Shawn Randall and Post Midnight ( congrats on the radio gig brotha ). she did a set in honor of the females locked in Rikers. It was crazy and she garnered a high of 28.3. I was stoked to see her do that well. Shawn dropped a good set last night with " How a poem sounds in his head ". I will never hear the words " dot and dash " and consider them normal again.  So, let me wrap this up.    I bumped into someone last night and I do have to admit that everytime I speak to them, I leave with something new. That is a person that you have to always treasure. Even if it is a simple gesture of kind words, they always leave you with something. I am glad that I gained a good fuckin friend. It makes you wonder that in the places where you never thought of finding a friend, that you gain someone with the potential of being special  Well, I am off to get a haircut today. I am even going to a party tonight and tomorrow a BBQ in Pennsylvania that I was invited to.  Have a great weekend  Peace, Love,  Chuletas a la BBQ  Fish