Geriatric hanging out   When you have a whole bunch of poets go to a bar to bid farewell to another poet that is going overseas and the DJ removes the dust from his record collection and you still remember lyrics from 15 years ago, you are geriatric.  I am old and I am convinced that I fart dust. I am now headed to go buy some prune juice to mix with my metamucil. I am ordering some viagra just to make sure things keep working.  So, last night was the night that Ms Bassey ( I used to use my last name) was at Guernica celebrating one last evening with friends. It was nice to hang out with her and put a smile on her face. She is probably one of the most emotional people that I know, and I know that us being there was a good boost for her in her next endeavor. I am sure that she will second guess herself all the way until the lights go on. Of course, I am 100% sure that bassey will definitely kick ass. She will give a great show and do as she knows how. Go rock out girl!!! Do your thing!! From everyone that was there ( Lynnes, Oscar, Isle, Syreeta ( NOT SABRINA ), Maria, Peter, Matthew, we got love for you!!!!  So last night was the regionals at Bowery.  The whole thing that Bowery threw in was that you had to read a new poem.  I even read a new poem on the open mic and I feel good about it. I guess that the guys at the Nuyo felt it was appropiate to completely skirt that premise. So, the NUYO won and it made them the best!!!!! For about 3 minutes. After that, everything is back to normal. I got love for those Nuyo cats but they in some shit at Nats. They have a strong team and I look forward to see shit really get interesting in NATS. Matter a fact, I would love to see this.........  Union Square in first Bowery Takes Second Nuyo brings the rear.  I would say get the title of  "best poets" and say that NEW YORK CITY has the BEST POETS IN THE UNITED STATES PERIOD!!!!  That would be sweet, then again, also would be 60 million, 12 solid inches, and salma Hayek and Shakira and Lenny in a threesome. You can't have everything that would be sweet.   Well, I am off,   Peace, Love  Take care  Fish  >)))">