I still got love for ya Seve!!!!!   So, the survivor slam came and went and it was to say " A good experience". I am going to  have a nice long blog so get ready to read.  WOW!!! Yesterday was one of those crazy days. It was a day when whatever could go wrong, it went absolutely wrong.  Poor Seve was all out of Whack yesterday. I can't blame the guy. He did his thing and tried 100% to make it. I guess that either with more practice or just him threatening the crowd, it will get better. I vote threats.Let's start off with the open mic.  The first guy up already set a precedent and dropped " A true Love Story ". Uh, He should have gone up there and read WAR and Fucking Peace. He stood up there for about 8 minutes. 8 Minutes on an open mic can be compared to one of those telemarketers keeping you on the phone when you are trying to watch that new porno you just brought. SO a couple of people almost reprieved the open mic and we had this " winner " named Phil. Ok folks, remember that I refuse to belittle a fellow poet. Rookie or pro, I will not say anything that will chastise their work.  I am just going to write what happened.  Phil goes up there and starts reading a poem about Gay people this, gay people that. He starts and repeats the  same thing ( primarily ) over and over again. Then, he starts with what gay people think of him, with what he thinks of gay people, people think he's gay. I never here My dreadlocked mentor heckle anybody, last night, she heckled. It was the funniest thing ever. The crowd got antsy, Our Dj even tried to give him a hint by playing music. The crowd started clapping to get him off but he was only half way through his piece. This guy pushed the issues last night. I say nothing about this. I just won't embrace this guy as a " poet ". He does need help. Lots and lots of help.  I was so happy last night that I got to meet Danny Solis. He was actually a very good feature and seemed like one hell of a guy. We spoke poetry and life and personally told me about the Latino showcase at Nats. I brought both his chap books and had him sign them. I came to my own concluson of Danny. He is cool with me. Until he proves otherwise, he rocked.  The survivor slam rocked. Last night was Ja'i, Rich, Cassey, Chance, Obona, Farbeon, Diane Roy, Lisa Ascalon, GinnaKarla ( She can cook like hell ) Nicholas. Oh, and the FishDawg himself!!!  oh man, I had one hell of a time. I joked and just made it for what it was. An awesome time.    The point of this slam was to give it a theme of " survivor ". The first 5 poets deaded in the first round become the new five judges and they score you in the seond round. I don't know about you all, but reading for other poets in slams scares me. Then, after the second round, the three deaded poets take over and they secret ballot you into oblivion.  Well, I could just write about me but I was more excited about all my peers and went up there and made it exciting. I have to say this, My motherfucking cuban brethren Rich is going to be awesome. He rocked this poem last night and he was so animated that I learned several things from him. Chance was chance and he did his thing as the norm. Ja'i should be allowed to write his poetry, his poetry is by far incredibly solid and it scares me knowing that he will be  ( I stress WILL BE ) Poet Laureate one day. Lisa did one of my most favorite poems and I want to so go after her one day in a slam. She did well and I was happy.   I went up and I actually used strategy ( to the ode of Oscar ). I always just figured that kick ass poems should give you the win. Not the case in many slams. I rode the score creep and gave them 110% of " yo soy del Bronx ". I made several changes at the end to make it a more generally loved and accepted poem. To my delight ( After I had to chase Oscar down to get my score because they didn't call it out ), I got a 29.0.  So, from the top of my head, in the second round, Judging me were Obana, Lisa, Cassey, Chance, Ja'i,   So, second round I go up last since I got the highest. I got some constructive critque from Lynne and I decided to go with it. I toned it down and just went with the poem. I don't think I toned it down enough but I did ok. I got high score again and I went to the third round.   Wow, third round people! This is where I  tell you. Fish has never made it to the third round so " handsomely ". At this time, the fun was kinda gone and the nerves kicked in. I still went after Diane did a pretty strong piece and dropped my " Death on Destructon day " piece. I only did half of the poem because I wanted to get over it. My stomach really pushed it this time. I am not used to it and I have to find out what the fuck these poets do for " post slam jitters ".  Diane took the slam after a secret ballot and I was happy that I made it that far. I think I could finally cement in my mind that " I'm a contenda ". I was busting diane's chops all week that I am busting her ass. She beat me by one vote. That is ok, wait until Diane hears my new work. I AM REALLY BUSTING YOUR ASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL  NOTE: This slam was all about fun and that is what it was to be taken for, just fun. Don't let anything or anyone take something away from that. Work hard at it because it is a competition but have fun. Take the word seriously but still do it for the amusement and good nature of it. Being in the comapny of great poets, I was honored to be up there. Slams are nothing if you take them as a level of your work. I am not better then nobody else. I am a poet that will always support any of my peers work.  Old work or new, I value the fact that you even have a poem to share with strangers.    It is all about the craft, skill, word, and fun   remember that.  Well, I had a great time but I was fucked up afterwards. I guess it was something that I was not used to.   This was my 3rd slam at 13 and I think everyone knows. Fish is pretty solid.  So, Thanks to all the guys and gals that slammed with me and I look forward to the year end slamming..   Tonight is Acentos  Thursday is regionals at Bowery, Friday at the Nuyo, Monday back at 13.  Shit, Let me get to work!!!