Two's company, three's a definite good time   Que pasa People,  I am here at the household and I am doing slightly better today. I totally avoided the world this weekend because my bad moods are " Freindship " ending.   I wish my day was better because I missed Isle's CD release party and I heard that it was awesome. I hope that down the road, I would see her do her thing. Isle has a heart as big as Korea itself. I am glad that people went and supported her, she deserves it.  I am ok today, I have hit that " I don't care " milestone. I tend to hit this whe I realize that my life is what really matters. I have been working on on many things and I can't let things get in my way. I was talking to a friend and I think it is time to filter out the cancer's in my life. So , if you are a certain form of cancer, get ready for the chemo treatment and hope that your next victim would embrace you wholeheartedly. At this time, I can't afford anything that will keep me from growing.  I am actually working on a new poem with serious Historical relevance to it. It is about the revolt cry of " El Grito De Lares ". It was the cry of about 1000 Puerto Rican farmers in 1851 that revolted against spain and freed Puerto Rico. Even tough it was for 12 hours, that is all the freedom that we had. I say we because after researching and really consuming myself in this subject. I almost cried.Since the discovery of Puerto, we have been colonized, occupied, militarized, demonized, chastised, fucked, screwed. Get my point??? So, you have an idea of where my poem is going. Most likely, I will have it done when we come back from Nats. I am so excited for this road trip. We are going to have a Ball.   So, I am sorry for the calls I ignored. I just needed my time alone. Life is still good though.   Oh, I am slammin Monday in the " Survivor Slam ". I might get to even meet Danny Solis. One of the original Bad motherfuckers in Poetry. Guess  what, this might be my tpe of guy.  Ok, let me run,  Peace, Love  Take care I love ya like I love Pork Chops  Fish Dawg