Why do I bother ?   Why do I bother being a freind when people insist on doing stupid shit ? answer this question!! I am righteous beyond all belief. I know that my life was not too cool when I was young but somewhere along the way, I treated others as I want to be treates. Respect me, appreciate me, love me, and just be true to me. All this and be true to yourself!!!!!!!  I am so fucking angry today and I can't probably even put it into words. I thought I would get over it but I realized that no matter what you do, people you care for will do whatever they want to do no matter how stupid the case is. They will fool themselves into justifying whatever they want to do.    Fuck it. If they don't like it, fuck em. I hate stupid people. Niggers have been fuck ups all their life and they have one moment of an epiphany and they are all better. Fuck that, you have been a fuck up and that means that your life has a trail of bad blood following it. You have to sit down and rectify everyone you hurt, screwed over, fucked up on.  You think that you meet this one chic and after you been with her not even a solid six months that you can just move in with her ???  YOu think that after 5 years on not taking care of your seed that you have rights after 3 months. You HAVE NO RIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!! You lost your rights with the 5 years you " chose " to be out of your seeds life. You are getting sick ad tired of being held at " bay ". Guess what motherfucker, you deserve it!!! YOu haven't done shit for your daughter and you expect reprieve in 3 months, nigger, you lucky that you even have this!!!!!!!!!   I am so fucking angry cause I can see the drama coming and I don't want to deal with it. I don't want to hear it. I am not in the mood. I am not!!!  I have been good and I have been even trying to work on my personal life and now I feel that my shit just took three steps back. Why does this situation bother me so much??? Why??? I should have never called. I should have never dialed the number. I should have never questioned anything. I should have just kept it general and not said anything.   People make mistakes ad I give them the benifit of the doubt. People fuck up and I am the first one there to listen to them.  Yet, can I be there time and time again???? Can I be there for them after I know they ARE GOING TO FUCK UP!!!  All I can say. PROVE ME WRONG!!! I have my " I told you so's" ready and cocked.   I am so not in a good mood. I am angry. I am hurt. I need to really hit something  I'm out