“ Girl, I have about 9 solid inches to offer..........   Then of course, when the pants come down and you see about 5 hard inches of man meat, what are you going to feel ??? This is what I mean about gettting high expectations after hearing some incredible reviews about a move I caught yesterday.  Yesterday, I was invited to go see “ 28 days Later “. The movie was a science Fiction Horror flick that the two reviews I got from friends had me itching to see it. This is where I should have known that the high expectations I set has already fucked the movie up for me. I love all type of movies but it is hard to have me jump and basically scare the “ bejesus “ out of me. I am thinking, “ wow, this movie could be the next Exoricist “. This motherfucker wasn’t even close to that. The movie was a decent horror flick but I left there kinda pissed that it wasn’t world changing for me. I wanted to go home and be afraid to sleep. I wanted to have some nightmares that made my regular nightmares seem like walks in the park.   The movie had a good premise and the twist was kinda cool. Even though I felt the movie dealt much more with “ human nature “ then with the horrors of this virus  ( “ rage “ ), it had it’s moments. The best part in the movie was this Linda Hamiltonish T2 Sarrah O’Conor type chic named “Celena “. She was with this dude Mark and she saved another dude named Jim. They were attacked by the “ infected “ ( zombies ) and Mark was bitten. Celena asked him if he was bitten. The look on Mark’s face told it all. Celena had this machete and she went to town. She starting swipng at Mark and chopped off his arm. Then she must have swung at least 20 times. She killed him without even a second thought. Shit, that is my type of girl. I am thinking Mark is one of the main characters and he was killed off quick.   So, The movie wasn’t “ off the hook “ to me. The movie wasn’t “ One of the best “ to me. It was a good movie but the high bar I set just fucked it up for me. This is what happend when you listen to other people.  So, today I am home and I am going to go do some work on the Sentra. That little  car is about to become a racer if I keep tweaking it.  Oh, Good News, It is official. Rich Villar Jayme Del Rosario, and Jai will Uppercase at Bar 13 in August. Rich E-mailed me yesterday and he was pretty happy. I am happy for all three of them. If they play the cards right, they will reap some serious benefits.  I am going to ask Eric if I can throw my hat into the Hosting ring that day. I would love to host an Uppercase feature.   Ok, time to bounce and I am off to attack my day.  Peace, Love, Pork Chops  FishDawg