Your mama wears combat boots!!!    I never knew why people would get upset if they were told " Your mama wears combat boots. Shit, if I could remember my mother with anything besides those mother " batas " and " Chancletas ", I would be happy.  Yesterday was a great day. I actually got 2 pair of socks and a new bottle of gel. Why?? After beefing about my socks being worthless, I was actually given some socks!!! Brand new and not used!!!!!!. So, Let me try something today.  Ok, here we go.  I woke up and had a horrible morning, my 2003 Hummer didn't want to turn on. My my live in supermodel turned pornstar left me.  The 60 million I had in the bank is gone!!! OHHHHHHH the Blasphemy!!!!!!  So, let me see what I could get by lunch today.  I am going to touch on something personal today. Yesterday I was surfing some blogs and I came across some " friends " topics. The people who you consider you best friends and what not. I am going to jump in the fray and just write what comes.  I am not going to talk about the past because I think it is worthless. I will give a quick mention though.   My Dawg E 1994 - Present....... This motherfucker is my heart. You know when you have one person in your life that he is like the model friend you hold everyone against??? This is him. We met through a mutual friend and the first day that we met, this little motherfucker did some shit to me that I should have laughed it off or punched him in the face. I laughed it off and I gained a friend that is priceless to me. This guy is beyond righteous. I have seen him swallow some things put against him in the interest of " keeping shit cool ".   When I was in a relationship, (How can I say this without having this used against me in a court of law??? ) Well, let's just say that My Ex owes alot to Eric. She is living a happy healthy life right now because Eric was there ( without even asking ) stopping me from going through some serious shit.  I turn to him to talk and he is by far the closest thing I have in my life. " I love you nigger "  My nigger Wil  1988- 1999.......... Wil and I were one unit. This guy was my heart and I would have given my life for him. We did everything from hanging, talking, fighting together, gettting locked up together. From 6am to 2am we were one. It came down to the point that it was " Fish and Wil ". This guy was my brother at one point and unfortunately, with time, that actually subsided cause he fucked up. I have been very hard on him over the years for the simple fact that his fuck up is " unforgivable ". Withing the last year, I realize that everyone makes mistakes and we have been talking here and there much more then before. I love this guy to death but he is still a piece of shit on so many levels.   1999 - Present  I have a few people in my life that I do care for and I have mad love for......  Oscar - I don't even have to tell you what this little napoleonic character means to me Stacie, Alice, Myra, Angie, Yesi, Jennifer, Ray, Puto, Ruben, Pito, Elbi,   I wish someone would come out with a question sheet of who you hate and why. That is when things of interest will come to be.   Ok, short Blog  Be good  Take Care  Peace, Love, Pork Chops and Apple Sauce  Fish