You can have a bad day if...........   When shit just happens early in the morning.  Last night was a really relaxing night. I needed to rest because I was " Emotionally " spent from just too much going on. I get all worried that something is wrong but just need to recharge those batteries and I am good.  This morning, I wake up and I am feeling good. I got to bed early and walked through the minumal nightmares and I was good. I woke up this morning. Clicked on the TV  { insert morning ritual here }  Got out of bed and did the usual brush the teeth, shower, dry off, throw on some Body odor killer, lotion the mug, from here on end, shit just went down hill.  Firstly, what is the point of ear wax?? Can anyone tell me? Ever since we were little, we knew that ear wax had to be removed. I do this about 4 out of 7 days. I figure that it is best to remove it after a nice hot shower because it is all soft and such. THis morning, the medicine cabinet is opened, q-tip are removed, the chore begins. First the left ear, twist, twist, wiggle wiggle,remove, inspect, all  done. Now, the right ear. Insert, twist, twist, wiggle, wiggle, remove.....cotton is not there.  Ok, now this is where I am like, what happened??? Instead of sticking my finger in there and taking the chance that I could shove the cotton in deeper, I don't panic. I grab a pair of tweezers, stick em in my ear. AHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh................success. Cotton is removed. No problem. I was an EMT for a couple of years and panic is what fucks most situations up.   I am thinking, wow, that was funny. " ha ha, hee hee { Sarcastically of course }  I go to my living room to throw on the socks , pants, shirt and everything else. Ever notice, as we get older, we carry more. I am carrying a back pack for no reason more then " just in case ". Anyway, I sit, leg up, left sock goes up. No problem. Right leg goes up, toes curl, sock goes up, rips right in half!! is this even possible. Can my socks suck anymore ??? I have a death wish with socks people. I have no discipline with socks at all. When I wash, I don't match them. I don't care. Who is going to look at my socks anyway. Will I dry them and get mad because I am missing a sock?? NOPE!! All my socks are white!!!!   My socks are a story by themselves. If you ever seen my calf's ( or calves ), they are huge. This is funny because my socks are all stretched open at the mouth. I don't have one pair of decent socks. I only have " one" pair of black socks to go out that I throw on with my shoes. Why do I need black socks, All I wear is boots. Black socks are for shoes. I don't even own a decent pair of shoes. The shoes that I do own are about 9 years old but they look new. Why???? I never wear them.  So, A q-tip almost making me deaf, My socks dying before my eyes....... my day just might be bad today. Actually, it is hard for me to have a bad day.   It just makes me kinda wonder why things go awry so early in the morning. We are all so ritualistic in the morning and the first thing that throws us off, our day is all out of whack..  then again, my days are whacky everyday.  Ok folks,  Peace, Love, BBQ pork chops  Take care  FishDawg