Where was I????   That is probably what most of the masses that grace my blog were wondering yesterday. I was hanging out with a friend that came up from Florida that I have not seen in 11 years. You know what, that is not even important right now. I have to get into what happened last night.   Last night were the team slams at Bar 13. You all know that Team Union Square -vs- "shoulda been Urbana" -vs- the virtual newcomings of " Team Acentos ". For some reason, I love the sound of that, Team " ACENTOS "!!!!!!  Oh man oh man...... I was so excited and I felt like a little kid going to rye Playland ( because Great Adventures is too far and expensive ).   On our team was Rich Villar. This cat is coming on strong and even though I just have known him for a few. I can say, I am proud of him. He took the role of " Slammer " and I know that he worked it. " Rich, I know you are reading this because you are one of my dedicated stalkers, I am proud to say that it was a pleasure to slam on the same team with you"  Jaime Del Rosario was also on our team. This incredibly perky and talented writer was a sure fire God  SEND to our team. She worked hard on a poem  and switched it up and tapped into a well of comedy and humor that had her a winner in her round. SHE beat out Roger and Lynne's " Ode to Rita Marley ". This, for a person that didin't want to slam, it was worth it. " Jayme,  you rock.  Next, Oscar Bermeo. Our coach. Our workshop faciltator of sorts. He put this team together and made the small changes that did nothing but make our poems  " gooder ". He reached for the sentimental vote and sure enough, he got a great score. I will post the scores on an Edit when I get home tonight.  Next on the team was..... uh...... shit.......... Me.!!!! Fishdawg the fucking poet got on the stage and busted out his " Headlines " piece. I drew first up and going first is almost " judgemental Sucide " Those judges are not going to give out straight up " 10" to the first poet in the first round. BUT THEY WILL GIVE " 9 " across the boards!!!!!! LOL ( 27.6 total )  I mean, we went up against the best of Bar 13 Team union Square 2003. This was Roger, Lynne, Marty, and Tai. The next team from Urbana was Taylor Mali, Shappy, RAC, Dawn Saylor.  After the guns were emptied. Team Union Square took first. Acentos took Second. Urbana brought up the rear. So, I am estatic going home after beating Urbana and Giving Union Square a run for their money!!!!!! I was soooo excited last night. It was fun and I learned alot.  I took a shit load of Pictures and I hope to get a few digital one's sent to me also.   So, this is the part where I reflect. Last night, I was in the company of some of the best poets on the scene if maybe ........... period. Going up against these guys has given me something that I never had before. A sense of being " worthy " to hang with the big boys ". I completely admire and respect all the poets and for giving me ( us ) the chance a year or two ago. I will always say this, Louder ( past and present ) embraced me and taught me more then I ever would have thought.  Time to learn and maybe even love.  Thank you again.  Peace, Love  Take care  Porkchops in Sauce  FishDawg  >)))">