Fish ALMIGHTY!!!   LOL. I think the best thing I love about my bloggers is that I laugh from the very start of my entry. I don't give it much thought about how I am going to start it but it makes me laugh as soon as I type.  Well, yesterday was a cool day. I was home and I decided to head out and about and take on my little ghetto of the Bronx. The weather was really bad yesterday though. Then again, today wasn't much better neither.   I hung out with a friend yesterday ( Primarily because she has the movie connect and I didn't have to spend a dime ),  I headed to catch that " Bruce Almighty ". It was actually a pretty cool flick. Carrey had the whole " typical Carrey " thing going on and the movie had it's moments.  One particular part of the movie had him trying to make a prayer to God and he just wanted to best for his girl that caught him in a lip lock with another girl. So he prayed that he wanted nothing but happiness and health for his girl. He wanted her to find someone that will treat her and love her the way she needs to be treated. He wanted her to find happiness at an unconditional state.   That part of the movie hit home. I have always felt that when you have something or someone and you feel you can't treat them right, let them go. Let them go to find true happiness and love and whatever else tickles the pickles. I have done that in my life and I felt it was the right decision. Why be with someone uphappy??? You see, when you're unhappy, you will bring others down with you. I never want to bring others down with misery, pain, and some stupid shit. Some people are quick to point out, "Fish, you sound depressed ". I counter, " yea, I need to move to another country ".  Sure enough, I have given that sooo much thought over the past couple of years. Just to get up and go and just bounce. Thing is, I have soooo much stuff in my apartment, I could just put it in storage and go out and be gone. Being here alone seems selfish, being alone in another state is freedom. My parole ends on Oct 7, 2003. After that date, who knows where I will be. I could go to Florida and live there with a few freinds until my feet get grounded.  I could go to California and stay out there.  Whre would be writers paradise ? Where would I be most constructive with my writing ??? I vote California. I could maybe start writing a ghetto sitcom for UPN!  LOL  So much to think, So much to do.  Am I going to write some profound prodigal shit?>???? Nope. I am just writing what is on my mind. I guess my mind is not profound. :)  Tommorrow is   Acentos  and I am looking forward to it.  This venue is really doing well. Oscar has been doing some shit and I look up to that little motherfucker more and more. I thought for a while that LOUDER was the only features we were going to have, sure enough, he has gotten some good people to come feature. Tomorrow is Michelle Kotler he is a sweeheart and probably one of the most important people in the poetry  scene.  Ok, I am done  be good  Peace, Love, Swallow