What time is it?....... OH GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!!   These were the words that came out of my mouth when I fell asleep at 5:30 in the morning and people decide to wake up at that time!!!!!!   So, Yesterday was the CD release party for 5 past 13: A little bit louder, volume 1. It was at "BarBelow " on Smith street in Brooklyn. I was very skeptical half way through the evening. Most people came and went when they heard and saw the $10 dollar cover at the bar. It was the fault of louder, it is a free bar and many of people hang out there when it is free. Now, thye have to pay ten dollars?? Masses of folks came and went. Hey, but believe it or not, we did well. The place was packed. In the middle of the night, a poetry showcase to plug the CD was formed. It didn't go off that well because WAYYYYYYYYYYY too many people were yip fuckin yapping. I had to go outside before someone got their jaw broke.   Once Frank ( our very own DJ hotnuts ) came over and took over DJ duties. He fucking killed it. I mean that in a good way. He ripped the music most of the night and I had a hell of a time. I actually danced. Fish actually got on the dance floor and danced. I avoided all fat chics and gay men. I wasn't trying to deal with drama. I did meet this hot model chic that tried to tongue me down most of the night. Can you hear that???? Could you hear certain blood pressures starting to boil??? I was JUST JOKING!!!!!!!!!!!  LOL  After the party, we headed to Ginna's house and munched on some awesome breakfast that Raymond " the sensitive " one made. He can actually cook. I am impressed.  oh, Ginna house has it's own zipcode. They are shooting an episode of " MTV cribs " next week and her houe will be on it.   So, since I had my own futon, I was sleeping like a baby. That model chic kept on licking my neck but I kicked her out. Hear it again ??? LOL  Great weekend, Great time,  Oscar, Rich, Jamie, and myself practive and did some edits for our upcoming slam against the other fuckers on Monday. We did some shit to my Headline piece that I was loving. Oscar really showed me a different side this morning. I think we are going to do well. I know this much, if we beat them, life is going to suck for some people.  110% is how we are going at it.  Ok, let me bounce, I have to et this model chic home. Wait, here is again ???? LOL  Relax ma, I am just messing with ya.  Peace, Love, Poerk Chops  FishDawg  Take care