Spit or Swallow?????   Ahhhhhhhhhh yes folks, here is the age old question. Cum this Monday, it will either be "spit" some serious poetry and kick some ass in the " league of undignified commoners " slam or I " swallow" my pride and just do what I had to do. Uh..... what were you thinking you pervs??? I am beyond writing about blowjobs everyday. If you were a member of my Fishism list, you do recall my endless search for the perfect oral satisfying moments of my life. Let this be known, I am beyond.  So, yes, Like I said Monday will be Team Acentos vs Team Union Square vs team Shoulda been Urbana. This is probably the closest I would ever get to compete on a national level.  Out of like twelve people in this slam, may 9 or better have national experience and a shitload of Slam experience. This is the part where I let Oscar run the show since he knows a little more then what I do. It is all a learning experience and I can't wait to get my feet wet.  Pues ( this means  " well "  is Spanish for you non-spanish blog stalkers ). I got a room in the wicker park inn in Chicago for nats. Let's see who wants to crash. I will be charging 20 bucks a night for floor space. Fuck that, the room came out to a couple of bucks and I am not running a freebie convention. So, if you are a guy, bring KY because I you are paying up one way or the other. Oh, if you are female, hee hee, don't mind the video camera on the tripod with the night vision. The handcuffs, duct tape, ball gag, and assorted leather whips are for entertainment purposes. Oh, Thanks to Guy for the link for the wicker park link, " you da man "  Tonight is the showcase at Rikers and I feel pretty happy about everything. I hope that  everything goes well. I am not in a mood for nonsense today. Bringing this second group to Rikers means that my dedication to this program has been 110% from the begging and I hope that I will get more opportunities in the future with different organizations. I have become so attached to these guys because we  ( everyone that has taught ) has gotten these guys to write. They are appreciating spoken word, poetry, performance poetry, workshops. We have introduced them to sooooooo many different writers.  Teaching has been the best experience I have ever had. I gave back to the community in which at one point I was a part of. If something in my life would have never changed, I might have been a student instead of an instructor.  One thing , I could have never gotten this done without the support of the likes of Oscar, Roger, ALL OF LOUDER!!! Even the ones that hadn't  looked nor touched the rikers project. They helped in more ways then they know. The poets who have taken time out of their life to trek it over there to perform have given me a new meaning to pursue even more in poetry.   Thank you guys.  Was this sappy enough???   Ok, no more sap....  Time to bounce and bid ya ........... PEACE!!!!!!!!!!    Peace, Love, Pork Chops  Fish ( I knew you were all thinking dirty ) dawg  >)))">