Speed Stick or Degree   First thing, if you called my cell phone at 1:35am and I didn't pick up, what do you think was happening at that time??? Sleep you idiots!!!!!!!!!!  Damn.  Anyway, here is the funny little things that make my life great. Yesterday, I did my ritual of waking up showering and all that hygenic stuff that we all have grown accustomed too. So, Lenny left a degree anti-perspirant and when I ran out out of mines, I started using hers. Here is the funny part, yesterday, I was a walking " roll -on anti-perspirant " experiment.  I used the last bit of the degree and I got only enough for one armpit. I opened up " Speed stick " and threw that on. So, degree on one armpit and speedstick on the other. Talk about an interesting day. The winner of the " Fish has no life and decides to do this award " goes to..........  ( drumroll )   SpeedSTICK!!!!!! I had one sweaty armoit all day and that degree is going to be sued by me for false advertising.   So, Acentos has come and gone. Yesterday was ...............  " Different ".  Our feature was stuck in Chicago and at 5pm, she was at Newark NJ.  I knew she wasn't going to make it when I heard that. Sure enough, Our open mic and break came and went and we have finally had our first Featureless Acentos. Regardless, the optimist in me says taht it was all good. We had a good crowd of 22 people and I was happy. Best part of the evening, Rony ( owner of the Blue Ox ) has installed an air conditioning and I was happy as a polor bear on ice.  I was happy yesterday, nothing mind bending and Oscar didn't get on my nerves and vice versa. So, all in all, the night was great.   I am going to start working on a " work in progress poem " called " she sings ". I dabbled with it and I think it has potential. I read some little blurb that I wrote and I have realized that my vain attempt at humor will not occur on a regular basis.  All in all, good evening. I just woke up with a headache. I took some advil and the tumor should go away soon.  Take care  Peace, Love  FishDawg  >)))">