Gasoline and Paint and two hours of my time   Well, ajax, dawn, absolutely nothing removes the smell of gasoline. Yeserday was a rather interesting day that tested my temper. A day in which every iota of my patience was tested. I almost failed.    I was mostly in my house yesterday writing and ediitng my work. I was ready to hit Poetically Incorrect and give them something new. Behold, I get to my car and I see a flat bottle of White shoe griffinth in the street next to my car. I am walking towards my car saying........... " no..........step.........no....step...no.........step.........no......step..........FUCKK!!!!!!!!!!! White paint on the whole back quarter panel of my car, my tire, my rim. I thought that going to the car wash would remedy this situation and I would make it on time to the open mic. Go to the car wash and pay 4 bucks and go through...... Not a damned positive result. So, I am stuck with the dilema of going to the open mic in a bad mood and fucking somebody up or getting some gasoline and removing the paint. I chose option " B ". YOu people know that I take care of my car better then what I treat certain people.   I head to the gas station in hopes that it would come out quick and it took two hours of hardcore elbow grease to get the paint out. I cursed the mother of the bastard that dropped that bottle in te street. I wished death upon them every moment of my waking day. Then, I thought, what if it was my dad that dropped the bottle in the street?? Well, FUCK HIM TOO!!!!!!!!!  So, after two hours of gas wiping and actually getting kinda high. I headed home and I didn't want to be bothered. I woke up today after three showers and I can still smell the gas within skin. NO poetry, no rading, no writing, no jerking off ( My dick would smell like gas ). I was really hating life. but........  Good News, I got a phone call today from the " Bronx Academy of Letters ". This is a new High School in The Bronx that will concentrate on Writing and Poetry. June 3rd is the first open house and I was invited to speak to the man in charge and everything seems promising. Let's see how we can make this good for Louder and me Financially.  Ok, I feel better today .  I am sorry for those Phone calls I didn't take yesterday. I was a little bit busy wiping shit down.  Peace, Love, Do anal, swallow, and THREESOMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!