Perfection   Impressario on grill, Salad Aficionado creating heaven, stragglers amongst us and what do we have ???? The un offical " Louder " BBQ kicking all tri-state area ass!!!!!!!  A few of us got together and got the essentials for making this BBQ take off and make it at least somewhat decent.  At 3pm, the grill was assembled and the coal was thrown on and with one match, " on gaawa aawa.......we have fire "!!!   NOTE: get the matchlight coals, them suckers light up with no lighter fluid and it makes life easier.  The porkchops and sangria( prepared by the ever so sexy Jayme ), this salad that still had me salivating early this morning. The sultan of salad, GinnaKarla threw this mix together as diligently as she does her poetry. I can't explain how good it was. I grabbed a plate before the food and I couldn't get over the explosion of taste in m mouth. Ginna is unabatedly " The Bomb ". So, to the preparers of the food, Oscar ( Fruit choppin slugger that he is )Bermeo, Maria ( I am a chef and I don't need to be cooking more) Nieves, Ginna, Jayme, oh....... and me. I got the chicken ready and I really should have seasoned it much more.  The day was hit off perfectly with a little bit of everything being brought from all different angles at the hours through the evening. Marty lugging her melons ( insert bad thought here ), Helen Yum making it the OFFICIAL BBQ when she brought her Macaroni Salad. She is awesome. Lynne bring some of the weirdest things to a BBQ that  I have ever seen but sure enough, they were needed. This is what makes her great, that whole ability to see what others don't see. " Lynne, I need lotto numbers ". Ray carrying some burgers from 83rd street and Jai bringing some of his veggie garden burgers. Eric showed up in some surfer shorts with no shirt tugging bags of ice. I would kill to see Eric get waxed. If Eric gained about 100 pounds, he could look like " George the Animal Steel with all that fur!!!  I think the best part of the day was to see Cheryl Boyce Taylor show up. She is sooooo genuine and loving. Seeing her there enjoying all the food and laughs is what made the day great for me.  I took the first shift at cooking and it was pretty cool. I volunteered to " chef it out "  and I don't mind that. The best part were those pork chops. OH man, enough  spices to make your mouth water. When the food was done,  I made the  " Pig yell " (Soooooooooweeeeeeeeeeeeeee ) and everyone grabbed a plate. The second shift was a joint effort between Eric, Raymond, and Oscar. I was done cooking and the smell of smoke got me pretty much drained.  Funny thing was when eric was grilling and the whole grill caught fire and he tried to save the meat. He looked like an extra from the movie " Backdraft " trying to save dying kids from the raging inferno. Either that or one great blunder waiting to happen. He managed to save the meat and all was well at The " bbq " .  I had to make my exit about 6:30 pm. I would love to have stayed to enjoy the food and maybe even help with the clean-up. Thing is, the 4th of July is not a good holiday for me. I went through some shit years ago and the 4th of July has opened a flood gates of emotions. I have always managed to hide my emotions very well. The 4th is a year in which I have to hide them the hardest. I lost it the year after my accident and every year after has been a task. I have gotten better but I still tend to get very mellow. People tend to always ask me what is wrong and I don't like being around people when I am kinda depressed. I don't even think of it as depression all the time. I think of it as just thinking too much. So my defense mechanism is just being alone.   The BBQ was great and it was really like the first time that I hung out with these people like this. I hope that many more days will follow.  I saw T3 ( terminator 3 ) this morning. It was a pretty good movie. Very action filled. Take care and be well    Peace, Love   Fish  >)))">