no chances  well, I am not taking any chances. I am actually writing this on Microsoft word and copying it to my blog. I cant tell you enough that this morning I got profound, political, and intellectual and my blog didnt post. I was hurt. I was going to write about it again but then, I realized that it was not worth it or maybe even meant to be.  So, I am back from almost grabbing a cup of coffee with a fellow poet. I really thought that we were going to stop at least at a StarBucks and grab a cup of Joe. Sure enough, an interesting walk ending in Central Park was the start of a good conversation.  Today, We touched on Slam, Poetry, Life in this scene, relationships, life, goals, endeavors, and the current situation of our lifestyle.  I have been around several people and had great conversations concerning poetry.  I never specifically meant with anyone just to talk about it. Today was cool. We spoke about alot concerning about ourselves in Poetry. We told each other our starts, accomplishments, loves, and future plans for poetry.  A breathe of fresh air??? Hope amongst our peers? I have no clue how to start or even explain.    What stuck out most in my mind was the topic of conversation of  how people judge poetry by the likability (is that a wod )of the poet. A couple of months back, I was pissed over the quick across the board judgement of some peoples poetry by other people that really have no right to judge.  We were on the same page that people need to have class and a certain respectful tinge. There are some people on the scene that are truly fuckin assholes but I will give them credit when credit is due when it comes down to their work.   Another topic that we grazed through was the perception of certain venues. Unfortunately, she was on the money with some things but understandable enough, we work hard and that falls under the umbrella of envy of many other people.   Things were said like...........   write for you and the love of poetry   Dont write just for the sake of slamming   Write and always perform to 110% of your ability   You do you   The bar that you set was high, still, write and realize it for what it is worth    As I write this, I have to say that I am happy that I gained a friend and I look forward in supporting them and working with them. From about the 4 hours of talking that flew by incredibly quickly, I will deem that time, formidably impressive.    This morning, I posted a blog that didnt go through because it was too long. So I am just going to give you a quick overview of what I felt.   As of yesterday, The New Jersey State Assembly has passed a bill eliminating and abolishing the New Jersey Poet Laureate position. Amiri Baraka was blasted in the media for reciting a poem. That poem contained this excerpt. I stress on that word  Excerpt !!!    Who knew the World Trade Center was gonna get bombed  Who told 4000 Israeli workers at the Twin Towers  To stay home that day    Half of those white politicians grew a third testicle and almost died. They insisted on baraka resigning and he gave them the most emphatic finger in existence. If he would have gave them a good ol fashioned  Fuck you  life would have been perfect. So Amari Baraka walks in as Poet Laureate with Balls that clank and he stirs the waters. My question:  Wasnt they already aware that he was known for some fiery provocative material back in the 60s?  Did they expect him to be verbally shackled in what e believes in ? Were his words and literature suppose to be compromised because of his position ?  You know what, he has every right to say what he wants to say. There is this small piece of parchment that the government has adopted and there is a certain section called  freedom of speech.   So with the double edge sword coming back at us after we swing it, are we ready to defend our stance after we speak for what we feel is our  Government given right?  Just give it some thought.    Amaris Website:   Amari Baraka  Amari's Poem:  Somebody blew up America   Take Care  Peace, Love,   Fish  >)))">