ok......... uh......I am creatively shot   THis morning was my first quest into writing the notes for the Monday series. I thought it was going to be easier!!! I just figured that I will be my normal self and just write about the evening before. Shit I WAS SOOOOOOO WRONG. I caught myself saying " oh oh, I can't call the crowd motherfuckers" delete. " Damn, I can say it was a " Fucking awesome " time last night ", edit.   I was stuck in protocol and politically correct heaven. It sucked royal ass!!!!!!!!!! I guess that my flare and knack for writing comes at a price  of " not being shackled " by societal sensitivity.  So, Let me explain something to you people that have been wondering about me. I have a great tendency of hiding what I really feel and even though I am Mister happy go lucky, I could be melting on the inside. So if you read this blog and you think " Oh, he is in a good mood, let me call him and bother him " You might be wrong.  Let me keep things in general for the purpose of entertainment.  Last night was LouderJAM at 13. Oh man, can I tell you that everything rocked. The open Mic was incredibly heavy. 22 people were squeezed in that bitch. Don't ask me how the hell we went through 22 people. I went up there and did a collabo of my BRONX piece and I got really good feedback from people. I , for some reason wasn't feeling it.  Some mics weren't working and the important parts were not heard. The audience was lost. I tried to do it as loud and strong as possible but also to keep a good anunciation thing going on. It rocked good though. Ray was loving it and he was happy with it. The feature said that my piece was his favorite of the night...... Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...............fuck it, I'm happy.  Taylor came in last night and kidnapped Lynne Procope and deemed her Inappropiate. He was kinda p-noid hoping that I won't come out of no where and pummel on him. Why do people think that I am such a bad ass????? I am a nice guy. I haven't thrown nobody down a flight of stiars in a long while. I Am A NICE FUCKING GUY DAMMIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Ok, went home last night and just festered in my living room. Started writing and I couldn't stop. Relationships was the topic at hand and I just couldn't help writing.   All I can say.........  " I'm Sorry "   Gonna meet up with some people for some  Poetry talk today over a cup of coffee. I feel like one of the friends cast.  This Thursday is the DARK future SLAM!!!!!!!!!!!  DEPENDENCE DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  LOL   I can't wait.   peace, Love  take care  Fish  >)))">