Two things.......   My urine debacle Rich is king for a night  First, I go see the Parole Peeps yesterday and I am beaming a smile across my face because I know I just have two more visits left and I am gone. So, the bitch that I see is ( excuse me to all my feminist peeps ) tries to hit me with, " We need to put you through a random drug test ". This is bullshit because my case dealt with a gun and not drugs. So, I gleefully sign my agreement and I go to the back to pee in my cup. Does my P.O have to go with me??? Nope. The old hag, whore, desititute crackhead bitch just want to push my buttons and truly tries to get a rise out of me. The wheels start turning, the mind starts clicking, the smoke protrudes from the ears..... AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! I know. I grab the cup, I start peeing. I start doing my usual " Hum as I pee " thing. I proceed to fill the cup to the very very brim with urine. I put it on her desk and she asks me " What is that? I say " It's the urine that you asked for. Did you have to fill it that much? Well, I had to go really bad. She asks me to remove some and I tell her no. She wanted urine, " Go ahead, knock yourself out ". She then puts in the " Parole Stick ". This is a stick that says if you have dirty urine ( Contaminated with drugs or whatever ). I stay in the room to make sure she doesn't do a switch on me ( I heard stories that they have switched urine). The stick doesn't change after two minutes, I am good to go.  So never drinking or doing a drug in my life is aying off  people. The funniest part was when I told her,  " Don't waste a drop of that, I am super clean ". She was not happy. So another day of having my day brought up to another ante. I  love my life.  Second..... Brother Rich has won the Friday Nuyo slam. I wanted to go last night but due to forces beyond my control, I couldn't make it. He shot me an e-mail at 5am saying that he won. I knew he would do it. I am proud of that cat. He has this control of the language that stands him out. This year, he is making a team somewhere.  So Rich won the NUYO and my full to the brim cup of urine was clean. I am happy.  Peace  Love  Porkchops