I.........   Despise arrogance Loathe Blatant stereotypical assumptions HATe Bias motherfuckers. Let them be white, Black, latino. They are a proverbial poision to our society.  I am not in a good mood. My day started off with the possiblity of doing something that many people have never done. A friend of mines is contemplating, considering, thinking about retirement, he is 28. Don't ask beyond that. His days of renting from apartment to apartment is far behind him. So, he taps me and ask " Fish, can you do some research and check to see what is an off the hook boat ?". I oblige, I research. I learn the different types of boats and what his budget will allow. So I start picking a crusier type of boat ( Doral to be exact ). Give a take 30 feet. 30 - 40 gallons in take. Used, it can be about 60 g's. Had that and much more to spare. Get to Conneticut...... Got to CT yacht Sales, Nothing but shit!!!! Fuck the internet. Fucking dingy's and garbage boats from 89 and prior. I was heated. Then my man starts talking shit, I am about to throw him a quick stab to the neck. We start dreiving around CT looking for other options and headed into some different dealers. These people looked at us like we had three heads protruding from our ass.  Did you people know that cash isn't worth shit unless a bank says it is worth something. In other words, these motherfuckers refuse to sell out right!!!  We saw an awesome " eliminator " crusier for 80. I am thinking this is it, this white dude starts talking about financing and loans. I am trying to tell him it is outright. he says, let me crunch some numbers. He says it will come out to 134 g's. Motherfucker, it is 80 straight, give it up. Thing is, the bank won't get the money. Somebody would get shut out if it is brought out straight. That is the only thing that I would figure. I was heated.  Even with money to spend, they still gave a hassle. Why the fuck is that ???  My day was shot to shit. We can buy trucks and cars straight, not boats. That is the conclusion. On the upside, We ate in two incredibly awesome places with seafood that made my mouth water. Seafood for breakfast and Lunch and we were too pissed for dinner.    Best part of day.... Lobster for Lunch Worst part....... realizing that we still have a long way to go before we are somebody worth taking serious.  That is ok, we got two more dealers to check out and our game plan is different. More details later.  I'm out