best thing...............   When you are moved. When you feel something deep down inside that wants to make you move or change the world. last night after I got home, Iwas just in awe of what I just experienced. You just want to grab a pen and write down every feeling that you have. Then, turn it into poetry, and make the world read it, hear, eat it, cherish it, accept it. You know, I have been writing poetry for a LONGGGG time. I just got onto this scene about 2 years ago bootleg and 1 year official this coming November.  The times that I have had under the umbrella of Poetry is really amazing me. I write in this blog and I am not going to keep it 100% poetry because my life doesn't flow that way. I still know that is is a huge part in my life and it has quickly become one of my favorite parts. I have always had a huge complex that I will never be good enough to hold it down in this field. That I will never be good enough to be one of those " awesome " writers. I never had any dreams of books, chapbooks, nationals. I just wanted to write a good poem, read it on the mic, and maintain that happiness.  Being involved in the administrative aspects of poetry is hard. I want to write all the time and get better at what I do. I want to read and learn everything there is to know about Poetry, Life, and believe it or not, my history. What made me this way is huge to what I write. I am a Strong Puerto Rican man. What has made me strong?? My grandparents that fought to get their land. In my father seeing that struggle, he has always told me to fight. I fight for what is righteous. I fight for what I deserve. I deserve knowledge to make me a better human being. I want to sit down on a stoop with some young kids and tell them about the History that I have learned. I am not a " part " of history.  Waht happens in my time period doesn't make me, I will always feel what happens before my time is what made me stronger. Maybe others will get stronger by seeing what has given me this drive to learn, write, focus, and maybe even love. Life is good to me right now. Seven fingers on a keyboard, two fingers around a pen, a mind soaking up life, my heart growing everyday.   For all you suckers out there, thanks   Peace, Love, Pork Chops  Fish