Greatness comes from family.........   ......... I say this because last night was that commonality amongst poets that gave us that fervent feeling of family. Jayme, Jai, and Rich took the uppercase and made it special. It was the best thing that I saw in a long time. I think all three of them explored new work and mixed in old work. All three sets were perfect. I am proud to call these three friends, supporters, and poets. Featured Poets at that!!!!    This will be a great week concerning " the word ". Tonight is Acentos I am really looking forward to it. Soemthing about Louis Reyes Rivera that is making me all antsy. It kinda feels like I am seeing a legend perform tonight.  Also, this is something that Oscar and I put together and we are doing nothing but great things. Thanks to the hard work that is being put in, life is good to Acentos.  Last night after leaving the Bar 13 after my first hosting jaunt, I felt kinda funny. I am trekking this walk that I never knew would be possible. I walked into 13 two years ago and see this dude hosting and I get up there and I read this small piece. I get off and he asked me if it was my first time. He showed me this love that was integrel in me becoming a " poet ". Then, last night, I got to introduce him. It felt like full circle and I wanted to give this spiel. Yet, being the responsible " host " that I tried to be, I just introduced and kept on walking. I always say, if the host was an asshole, I would have never gone back. Introducing him last night was easily one of the best feelings of the evening. " Thanks for being real nigga"  Sidenote: Serious drama on Hot 97 right now. They actually just had a fight on the air.  Back to business.......  Went to eat last night and had a good burger. It wasn'y the same as our usual water hole but it was ok. Had a good conversation with Marty and Guy. Spoke some business with Roger and I want to get things out of the way. I am not trying to put things off until I am swamped. Life is good and I need to keep it that way.  Had a more " getting to know you " talk with MC Siegal.  Another partaker in the blog madness. It feels weird when you meet people you barely know and they are reading your blog. I guess I should appreciate it more then anything else.    Well, Tomorrow would be an Acentos update. After that........ I am taking Thursday and Friday off and who knows where my feet will take me.     I had a great time yesterday and I really have to thank all of you for making it special. If it wasn't for ya, it would have been shit.  Note: leave you e-mail and comments in the guestbook.  Peace, Love, Porkchops