         Well this is the modest start of my blog...or restart...I have had several blogs...one which was hosted on my own server...then one on /. Now I have one here...maybe I will keep it up to date.  My purpose is simple...to let people into my life...seeing that I am pretty reclusive as it is...  So lets start this off with a little joke I heard...which made me laugh my ass off.  "So I am dating this homeless chick right now...now don't worry...really it is great, because after we have sex and she needs to get going...I can just drop her off anywhere."  Which brings me to this point. As probably many people out there in cyber land...or at least most of the geeks out there...I have no female. I did have one...and it was a relatively long relationship...but things obviously didn't work out. I'm not mad at her...I am dissapointed though because just after we broke up she finally developed a sex drive...which would have been nice while we were dating...but hey not everything can go well.  Now I am looking for a female to let into my life...or my life as such...I do have one that I am interested in...and we are going out to see Jim Breuer on Sat. evening. I am looking forward to it because I have known her for quite some time now...and we are pretty compatible. At least I think we are. So hopefully I will have a female to call my own.  Speaking on females...can anyone tell me why females always seem to gravitate towards males that are just not right for them...or are asses, dickheads, or all around pricks...I have several of these types in my life and it always confuses me. I am not a bad looking guy...I'm reasonably intelligent (at least by IQ standards) and I always treat women right...but when it comes down to it I always fall in that friend catagory. Guys you know what I am talking about here.  It just baffles me...I will obviously write more on this topic...because I think that it needs an analytical approach to figure it out...and I am just that ass to do it.  Till next time...  The world sux and there is nothing that can be done to fix it...so sit back...pop some pills...and watch the pretty colours.