         Well a milestone has been reached...as of about 20 minutes ago I turned 26. Why is this a milestone...well lemme tell ya. For the past 26 years I have only been able to "see" or "foresee" my life up to this point. I simply have not been able to see past this point. I can remember when I was much much younger being able to see things in my future from the most mundane of things as eating a hot dog at Disney World (which I did at the very place I saw in my dreams...which is very weird as have not ever being to Disney before) to more important things as the first person I would "fall in love" with.  I thought my life would end at 26...I would no longer exist. Honestly in some ways that has very much come true.  Here is what has been going on for the last six months.   In December I recieved an official mailing from the Eastern District court of PA for Federal court. For you see back in 2000 I was involved in what is called computer fraud...however it is prosecuted under the title mail fraud. I knew better yet I chose poorly. I have no one to blame but myself for the trouble I got into.  Flashback to that period in my life. I went down to a suburb in Pittsburgh to pick up a shipment of fraudulently obtained computer hardware. After myself and my girlfriend at the time and another person got there and loaded all this crap into my car out of nowhere came the FBI and Postal Police with guns drawn and what seemed to me at the time as a wish that I do something stupid and allow them to pump some rounds into my body. At that time I made a statement and turned over evidence of the crimes that had occured. I was told that something would happen but I did not know what would go down. They released me that evening and I went back to my dorm room and cried and worried. Fortunately for me at the time I had someone in my life that helped me get through the initial shock. I didn't tell my parents, I didn't tell anyone in my family. I kept quiet about it all and pretty much put it in the back of my mind with the knowledge that I probably wouldn't be punished to harshly and if all else failed I wouldn't be around for much longer seeing that I couldn't "see" past 25.  Forward to December of 2002 I recieve the letter...or better yet the endictment of the crimes involved. Well of course being the government they made the charges out to be much worse that what actually happened making the crime seem like I had killed someone and that I should go to jail without even so much as a trial.   I obtained a court appointed attorney which has been very good. He has literaly told me not to worry...not because he would get me off, but in the sense of "you didn't kill anyone, really this is a blue collar crime" sense. He has not made me any promises outside of that he would be the best advocate he can be...and he certainly has been.  He got the inital 11 counts down to 1 count through simply contesting the counts in the idictment. The remaining count is a charge of Mail Fraud which I have pled guilty to. It is a felony and I am now a felon.   While this whole ordeal is far from over...as I am still looking at possibly having to go to jail, paying up to 30 grand in fines and restitution to the company of up to 96 grand as well as up to 5 year probation. I have come to some resolution in my life.   With the way we are arguing...and rightfully so seeing that I have Cystic Fibrosis and I am quite expensive I most likely will not see jail time. There are some guidlines on the books about how if it is considerably cheaper to keep an offender out of the klink, then that step should be taken as opposed to burdening the system with another inmate. Looking at it from this point over the last 8 months I have racked up approximately 120 grand worth of health care costs I don't think they will put me in jail seeing that in that environment I will most likely become even more ill than I am.  I have mixed emotions about this all. I have never been one to use my illness as an excuse for anything. I don't want to be known for that. The only thing I have used it for has been for federal benefits such as insurance so that I can at least have health care. Barring that I have no gone around saying "I have CF treat me differently". Hell even when in college I only used it as an excuse if I went into the hospital...not if I just skipped a class. If I was honestly out because I was ill I always provided proof that was the case. Even then it didn't always get me the results I had wanted.  Being a person with CF has really sucked ass overall. I wanted to go into the military. I wanted to be a doctor. I wanted to do a lot of things that CF simply will not allow for. Most of all I would love to gain about 40 pounds so that my 5'9" frame would look a little more natural...and instead of hovering around the 120 pound range I would be a more healthy 160 pound person.  As for the not seeing past 25 thing I am almost right...barring something happening in the next few months (and I am a pessimist so hell I may croak soon and with the way I feel it would be welcomed). I am already dead.  I am dead as a citizen of the US. I can no longer vote. I no longer have a voice in the government. I cannot run for an elected office. I am dead. For me the right to vote is what this country was founded on. The equal right to representation. Now we all know that there have been hickups in this idea (blacks, women, and initially those who didn't own land) it is still the foundation. I have voted in every national election since I turned 18 in 1995. I voted for Dole then Bush (which I regret by the way). While in MS I voted for Lott (he really isn't as bad as everyone makes him out to be). Hell I have put my contribution (albeit small) into the system, yet I will no longer be able to do that because of my conviction.  In the end I am left with a feeling of loss. I am left with a feeling of disalussionment. I am left with a feeling of complete and utter confussion.  I have confessed to my crime, I am willing to do the time if necesary. However I am not willing to give up my basic right to vote, or the rights afforded to me in the constitution after I have paid my debt to society. I am not violent, nor would I be, but this does bring up thoughts of unrest in my head. I have been stripped of all but the basic rights to exist and breath (which with CF have also been almost completely removed through disease).  What is my future? I don't think it will be much. To this point I haven't found my place. I haven't found lasting love. I haven't found happiness no matter what I have done (drugs, working out, trying to live right, trying to live wrong, god, anything). The only hope that I have at this point is that in my last days (which I feel are probably sooner rather than later) I will be comforted by a morphien drip or something along those lines, and by the knowledge that as I loose the ability to bring oxygen into my body that my brain will slow down and loose some of the potential that it once had. That when I do slow down I will be able to not worry about everything and all the wrong that is in the world (from what is wrong here in the US (and there is a lot of that) to the wrongs in the world).  The most comforting thought to me is this.  That in the end there will be silence.