         I am glad that I am home...it is good to be back in my little room with the fat internet connection...hehehehe  Well I got the heatsink/fan unit for my system....got a thermaltake and it is a little whiney...but it keeps the system cool. I also got some Arctic Silver 3...and I got a new keyboard mouse combo that I have had my eye on for a while...the MS Cordless Elite Pro Optical or whatever the hell it is...  Normally it is 99 bucks...but CompUSA had an instant rebate on it...well they did for a few days but neglected to take the sign down...so I got the rebate four days after it expired...and I got the setup for a total of 79 bucks...the keyboard is really responsive and the mouse is as well...it has the second axis on the wheel so you can scroll horizontally as well..that is nifty and I will use that a lot in gaming (assign it as straif or something)....overall I would rate them both together as pretty good...better than the Logitech setup I had before (which was wireless) and more convieniant than the wired setup I ripped off of here to upgrade to this setup...  Only time will tell.  I got to visit a lot with Danielle today and it was just the bomb. I really enjoy talking to her as she is very bright...and seeing that we are in the same boat (well hers has more water in it right now...my boat just got a new bucket to bail out with it would seem) it is nice to be able to talk to someone else and be actually able to relate to them. It makes me miss Melinda a lot...I wish she were still around...she really did help me during that time that I knew her.  I am honored to get to know a bit about Danielle...we talked a lot about relationships today and how they apply to us. We have come to similar conclusions on it all...We would really love to be in a healthy relationship...but it helps if you are healthy. We both want them...but at the same time shy away because of what goes on in our lives...her reasoning I suspect is similar to mine...and mine is that I really don't want to drag anyone down my path with me...because that when I do die I don't want to have that person mourn me...that is simple. It would be selfish to enter into a relationship for me at this point knowing that in all probability I will be dead or very near dead in a few years time. That is selfish...to me at least.  Well I am tired...and I will give a better account when I get some sleep.  I will post more of my time with Danielle tomorrow. Again it was really fun and I enjoyed talking to her. We also talked a little bit about politics...and she is also a Registered Republican...after I get done with her she will be most decidedly opposing the Republicans because it will be easy to show what all is wrong there...I may even wrestle her away from the Dems as well because all in all they aren't much better than the republicans...  Fight the power...learn the jargon...fight them on their level because you can never elevate them to our levels...its time to get dirty and take it to the street!