         ok so I haven't updated in a few days...well there was a reason.  I was once again in the hospital...oh the lovely hospital...how can I explain my joy at visiting the place. The people are so lovely, the treatment is great...I just love it there...outside of being couped up it isn't so bad...  Next time I go I am going to make a concerted effort to get online service while there...I have DSL here at the house and I know that they have a dial-up backup for when it goes down...I just need to find out a number for it...and I also need to see what kind of restrictions are on it...cause I don't really want to have to pay a lot for that...if worse comes to worse I can get some sort of access for 10 bucks a month...at this rate it might be worth it...or I will get a wireless card for my computer (which actually makes more sense cause I have unlimited internet access on my SprintPCS phone and they have cards for that...I wonder if I can have a card and a phone on the same account without running up a huge ass bill). Another thing is my poor ole laptop is giving up the ghost yet again...the CD-Rom drive is just plain broke down...it doesn't want to even read clean scratchless disks...I guess it is about time...the thing is only 4 years old or something...a long life for a part like it. So I have to think about getting a new laptop...something that is certainly more powerfull than the one I have now...maybe close to my home system (which even now isn't anything to sneeze at)...I personally have my eye on a newer Sony Centrino Laptop...and with a Sprint card that would work great for a few years...but alas I need to make money first...which I am trying to do...  The only reason that I would want to go to a slightly higher model laptop is because it will last longer...it has better video subsystem on it that would allow me to play some SOF2 or something while in the hospital...in other words I could game a little...I could opt out and get a whole hog gaming laptop and spend 3 grand...but that is rediculious for something that will be outdated in a few months...the Sony I have my eye on is pretty fast...has a decent display and bits to run it (good enough for the basic gaming that I do) and plenty of hard drive space...plus a DVD/CD-R drive...so I can watch movies and burn CD's...plus the battery life is up to 8 hours...and it has a lot of other built in goodies...I would just have to find a good deal on one...I find that I would do more if the system I had to plod along with me could do more...it is just old and worn out :-(  But that is in the future...  Again I was in the hospital...only out a record 2 weeks...and back in...it only took 10 days to get something back in my lungs...ohhhh I love having little critters in my chest...they bring me such joy. I was in only 7 days...so that wasn't so bad...  All in all I like going there...mostly because almost all of the people I have dealt with there have been great. From all the nurses aids (John, Katy, and others...although those two are the most amusing)...the nurses have been great...Andy sticks out in my mind...nicest guy...think of very tall guy with very germanic angular features...someone that you might not want to meet in an alley under bad circumstances...but damn he is the nicest guy...really goes out of his way...  I also would like to think they like me as a patient...simply because I am autopilot really...hey bring in the meds (even if they need to be hung and run), leave some flushes...and bam just check in with me every once in a while and I am all good...and the food is pretty damn good overall...they have a few things that I wouldn't even feed to my dog...but for the most part it is good food...  Really I can't think of anything bad to say about the hospital outside of the 6 or 7 dollar a day charge for a TV and Phone...which the TV get only a few chanels...that needs to be fixed...but overall that is a great hospital and I am glad that I get to go there...one thing they could use would be some sort of diversion for the younger folks there...video games, VCR carts, something...but hey only in a perfect world (and in a perfect world they would have Wi-Fi and you could use a fat internet connection)...  Oh well...lots to do...lots to research and get ready for the innevitable return to Shadyside floor 6....it will happen...I know it...they know it...so at least we are all in the know :-)  Thanx to the people that read this...  I am still having problems posting my email for people to contact me on the site...so here it is again...as always any input would be great... m.p.honse@verizon.net  email me and we can start a pen pal relationship...or I could just verbally abuse you...or you me...anyway it will all be in good fun