         Tonight I watched a show again that I had seen a while back. It was on the Discovery chanel. It was on the differences between the sexes. When it got to one point in the show it made me feel really fucking jipped.  Ok so aparently those little things we call pherimones play some role in reproduction. Well we all know they do. Women and men are helped out by these chemicals as they signal compatitbility and whether or not you have a strong imune system.   Well I guess I am screwed in the sex game. My system is frail and weak and certainly not meant to go on. Pherimones may well be the reason that I have such poor luck with the ladies (as with some other things). Simply I signal to them that I am not good mating material. Who am I to argue with millions of years of evolution and science based fact.   As far back as I can remember I have never been good with the oposite sex...especially in trying to get it. Sure I have gotten lucky more than a few times...but that was usually through the excessive consumption of alcohol on both parties side. Women are just not attracted to me...or my smell. I don't smell funky except when I am on anti-biotics (which I currently am)..and I have always kept myself clean...so it must be my unoticed but important pherimone smell.   Because of my illness I send it out in chemicals that women pick up on...and while they may think I am nice, whitty, intelligent, maybe even cute...I am never the material for mating...  So where does this leave me...in the shitter...  I haven't had sex in quite some time...partly because of my lack of going out and being social...but I also think that my chemistry has something to do with it all. So who knows...  At this point I would love to get laid by a hottie...everyone wants too...but at the same time I really don't care if I get laid or not...I have a hand and a large collection of high quality porn...so I can keep the primal urges at bay. Which is another point...I don't have many primal urges...and that comes from my dad who has a very low libido...I mean he might as well be a monk...  Ahh well...thus is life.