         So today has not been a complete waste of a day...I was able to get a copy of T.a.T.u.'s 200kph in the wrong direction...I like the CD...it is pretty bad ass...and you know I just love pop tarts...especially when they are foreign...cause with foreign chicks they don't speak english real well (along with myself...not) so a relationship would be fun...  Scenario: Chick: something spoken in a foreign tongue and then some broken english Me: "shhh...don't ruin the moment" as I put my finger over her lips in a Jim Carrey'esk way (think Dumb and Dumber) Chick: "awww...we really click" Me: "yeah babe...now shhh"  heheheh I could see it happening...with any foreign hottie...like Shakira, DJ Rap (even though she speaks english), both the girls from TaTu...ahh that would be the life...  What I would do to those women...uuuhhh jizz...  I am finding places on my body that don't hurt as much when giving insulin...which is great...cause shots that you give yourself suck ass...but I will get used to it...also on the health front I go to the docs this Wednesday and he will tell me how I should feel...I don't feel bad...but I don't feel good. So we will see...I can tell now that my lung functions really haven't changed at all...they are still the same. When I go back to the hospital I am going to hunt down the physical fitness center and get in there and get my endurance up. When I was doing a lot of physical activity not all that long ago I felt better...and I know that helped my heart out a great deal giving it extra strength...now it feels weak...so I need to build it up. The only parts on me that work relatively well are my heart and my eyes...and with this diabetes crap I only hope that my eyesite doesn't go in the shitter...cause that has always been my strong point physically....like having excellent night vision and great vision overall (considering the rest of my family needs heavy prescriptive glasses)...  Other shit...well I have been doing some research for a friend on his Baseball card collection and it would seem he has a relative fortune in them...which is kewl because I know he will share some of the winnings from them with me for helping him out...  On a sad note that same friend is in a bad way...his grandmother is sick and isn't in great shape...now I don't pray often...but I did say a little prayer for him and her...having been sick and having had my own grandmother been sick (she had Colon Cancer five years back and just recently had a Tumor removed from her lung) I know how stressful it is...especially when you have a family that is going to end up fighting over the assets after the passing...families are supposed to stick together and get close in times like those...but for him it would seem that his family is already swooping in like vultures...as I know it will be here when my GM goes...(I have an uncle who can be an ass and will be when that time comes...when our Great Grandmother died he and his wife at the time swooped in and collected up some keepsakes that maybe shouldn't have gone to them at the time but that is over with)...  So all in all it has been eventfull few days...my mom and I went to Prospect PA to visit with old friends from way back in the day to have a picnic...it was very relaxing because I didn't have people breathing down my neck...and with me not being in the best of health it was needed...I really hate when people are harping over me when I feel like shit...ok I feel like shit just leave me alone please...I don't enough energy to deal with all that and heal...my energy supplies are very very limited...  Wednesday I am going to see The Matrix Reloaded if I don't have to head back to the hospital...and even if I do I will tell them I will come in on Thursday...hahahaha...I need to see that movie! I will be going with the husband of one of my grandmother voice students...I am looking forward to it because I will be hanging out with someone my age for once....and plus he is sooo low maintenance as far as friends go...I call him the "budda" because he has the patience of a Buddhist monk...nothing bothers him...I wish I had his brain chemistry...that would make my life easier...  Well enough for now...If I have to go in I will let everyone know...well everyone who reads this blog...which I feel is probably like three people! hahaha  I really want to know who reads this...so if you do read this please drop me a quick email...I am just curious...please! oh please! m.p.honse@verizon.net