         Well I am back from court and the good news it that I am not going to jail per-se  Here's the wrap. I got six months home detention, four years probation, and 96 odd thousand in restitution. So for six months I can't really leave the house but to go to the store, hospital, doctor, probation office, or job. Plus I get a k-rad ankle bracelet and base station...which will be in place next week. Four years of "don't fuck up time" in which I can't fuck up with anything more serious than a traffic ticket (even then they could technically nail me). During this time I am not allowed to drink or do drugs at all (which drinking pisses me off...but I don't drink that much now). For the first six months I am stuck here in the house...after that I can come and go as I please as long as I report to the office every so often (probably once a month) and let them know if I am going out of the Western District of PA. In addition during the home thing they can come visit whenever they please...plus I get the honor of pissing in a cup...most likely once a month for the next four years.  The 96 thousand in restitution will have to paid at a rate of 10% of my gross monthly income which right now would come out to about 53 dollars...and if I make more of course it will go up. Also if I want to get a new car, house, line of credit I have to report it and get approval for it (and they said as long as I am up to date with my restitution that wouldn't be a problem). I cannot own a gun either.  Technically I can't vote either...however they cannot prevent you from voting. All they would be able to do is challenge my vote and have it nullified. So a note to fellons out there...go ahead and vote with the knowledge that while technically you cannot the constitution provides that you can. The only thing they can do is challenge it and have it tossed...which in the end would make a great case to go in front of a court if they did challenge your vote. If nothing else the ACLU might take that one up. I plan to continue voting.  The head hancho of this whole mess finally plead guilty but is still trying to weasel out of responsibility and blame it on me, but the prosecutors and investigators aren't buying it and might have me and my ICQ log at his hearing. That kinda pisses me off. Trying to blame me for the entire deal. That is just obsurd, and apparently the prosecutors think that way as well. They seem to be out for blood and seeing the way they work...they'll get it.  All in all I didn't do so bad...and I am glad that it is over with, because now I know my fate. I am saddened that I have to be under house arrest, but I am glad to not be in jail. Because I would be a prison bitch fo sho! At least one of my co-comspirators will likely see jail time...and he will probably have to face that...and I feel somewhat bad for him. However instead of being a man and just facing up to it, he has seemed to choose to be a child and try and get out of it. Not a good way to go. There is no dignity in that at all.  I plan to spend the time learning a lot about web-programming and getting C# under my belt. Cause shit I'll have the time to do it. So expect to see a proper web site soon with a countdown time for all this shit.  Till next time...peace out.  "The truth is so precious that it must be protected by lies in the time of war" - Winston Churchill