         With friday looming closer and closer I am getting less and less sleep. It is hard to sleep when you know that there is a possibility that you may go to jail for the crime you commited. Plus add to that I have been using sleeping pills for the past five months and my prescription ran out at the beginning of this week forcing me back to my standby yet less effective alternative Benadryl.  I am trying not to worry...but the thoughts of me being a prison bitch just keep looming in my mind. It is hard to envision some large black man named "Big Rob" nicknamed that for his large unit and the offense that he was incarcerated for. It is hard to imagine that might be my next roommate. That is hard to deal with. Again I reiterate that I probably won't be headed to the Fed. Pen. but it is still within the realms of possibility and with my luck you never know.  We had good news from the Prosecutor as they have decided that I should recieve a downward departure from my current offense level (13 if anyone is interested) for being cooperative. However what this means is that it is up to the judge to make that decision. Plus with the health documents we have submitted that will also allow for another downward departure and the prosecution has not objected which is also a good thing...making a possible double downward departure a thing that I can hope for.  Through all of this I have had the support of my mom and grandmother. More than could ever be expected. They have both been thankful that I haven't lied about what was going on and that I have handled this the right way. Both have told me so.   The plain truth of it all is I screwed up. I let them down, I let my friends down, but more importantly I have let myself down. Through my friendliness and willingness to always be a help to people I have constantly gotten myself into cituation which really I shouldn't have gotten into in the first place. This has helped me learn that when it comes to friends that I do have to be guarded and cautious when they are asking for help. It does not mean that I won't help out when someone is in a pickle, but it means that I will not put myself into a situation where I have to compromise what I know to be right. I knew in this instance that my actions were indeed against the law and would place me smack in the middle of something that perhaps I shouldn't have been in. In my own greed and hopes of expanding friendships I compromised what I know to be right and wrong.   I have done many things wrong in my life. I have done many many drugs, and have been caught (yet kept up the behaviour...although I have been pretty clean for some time). It also means that I recognize the things that I have done wrong. Which is more than I can say for some of my friends/former friends.  My plans regardless are to try and not run afoul of the law in the future, but I will not be afraid of the law. It does not mean that I won't break it from time to time, but I will be better suited to deal with the consequences of said actions. I can't promise anything as no one can, but from now on I will try and be a good little doobie. Although I feel some laws are unfair and should be stricken down.  I have but a few regrets in my life. I can count this as part of one of my regrets. That regret is trying to be something I am not, trying to please people that I cannot, trying to make myself more attractive to others when they should accept me the way I am. I will still be a good friend...but a more cautious one, and certainly not the guy to call if you need a car to take a ride in or the guy you give a call when you think you have this great idea that is indeed illegal. Because I won't be your friend in those circumstances. I will be your enemy. I will not be there to help in those cituation.  And with that I will leave you with a qoute I came up with today. It pretty much sums up a lot of things I have been feeling lately.  To those that say "Have Faith"...well faith needs to be validated from time to time, kinda like parking. If you don't get validated sooner or later you will move on to another if not just for the free parking. Me 2003