         Well Blogger has changed a bit...but it is nicer now.  For the past week I have been having pretty severe pains in my side...they are getting worse day by day. I am really starting to get tired of it. It is almost hindering my moving about the house. So I have spent an inordinate amount of time in bed and on the couch. I know this pisses GM off to no end...because I am being lazy, but hell it hurts like hell!   Tonight it has moved into a new realm. What I was thinking it was may just be and that sucks ass. See previous blogs to see what I thought it was/maybe is. The reason I am leaning more that way is because now the gut it binding up and hurting even more and I haven't gone to the bathroom really well all day. I know it is more info than is needed...but this is my blog damnit!  It would seem that the RIAA is now gone completely nuts. Yes completely nuts. Gone, out to lunch, they all need to be admited to a loony bin. While I have engaged in my fair share of music piracy I still hold the truth that artists need to be paid for their work. Under the current system we buy a CD and they get a small percent of the sale (maybe like a dollar or so from each CD if they are lucky). I would not begrudge them that money at all. I feel that they should get more. However I get really pissed when I spend 15-20 bucks for a CD to get just one or two decent songs. Rarely have I bought Artist CDs that have more than that average. That is why I have changed my listening habits a lot.  First I am not really into the top 20 artists. Not because they don't have catchy tunes. But because to own the right to play that tune anytime I have to buy a CD with maybe a few decent tracks on it. So I have moved over to Techno and Rap and other types of music. With those genres I know what I am getting. I am getting a CD full of something that I will probably like if I like the few catchy tunes that are on the Radio. When there is a top 20 song that I want I wait for a compilation CD to come out with several songs on it that I want. I simply don't bother with buying many artists lone CDs.  Second if I do get a bunk CD with only a couple of decent tunes on it then I burn my own compilation CDs. However the RIAA would not like this practice. Hell if they looked in my car they would find it chock full of cheaply burned compilation CDs that I have made. While this is seen as cheating by the music labels I see it as smart consumerism. I don't want to have to listen to a crap CD or scroll through a CD to get to a song I like. This is partly because I am lazy, and partly because I realize that CD players wear out. Yes folks they do wear out. Hell I wore out three CD players over the years at least. I have one of those old Sony Discmans that cost an arm and a leg yet it can no longer track and play any CD that is put in it. I wore out a Car CD deck. I have worn out CD players in home stereo systems. If I can avoid wearing out any more I would love to do that and they wear out when they have to scroll through CDs full of crap.  Third I try and listen to as many non-signed artists as possible. I would love to pay them all for the music they have given me over the years, but alas I am still poor. So this isn't a reality just yet.  The music industry is corrupt and rife with money grubbing idiots that like to sign crap artists to huge deals so they can get a bonus. Just think of crap artists like Mariah Carey and Michael Jackson. So they have had great songs in the past...but does it justify contracts of 90 million for Mariah or 100 million advances for Michael. Hell no...especially seeing that both are bordering on being insane...if not completely so.  What does this bring me to. It brings me to having to break the law just to get some music in most cases. That sucks.  So what has the RIAA done to go absolutely crazy. Well they have decided since they have sued just about every P2P company out of existance and are now facing stiffer resistance in the courts (recently a lower court held that Kazaa and others of its ilk aren't illigal and are not responsible for the possible infractions going on...kind of like tape players and VCRs in the early days). Instead now the RIAA will be going after the end user. After a recent court victory in favor of producing the identity of a user on Verizon's network they have decided to start suing you and I. That means that if you are a user of any of the current unprotected and un-encrypted networks out there that you may be a target of a lawsuit for sharing music. Right now they are going after the big users sharing the most files. If I were on one of those networks I would certainly fall within that catagory (as I have around 3000 mp3s...most of which I own a CD that has the songs on them). Sooner or later they would get around to suing just the average user...especially seeing that just recently they had rulings in their favor against four college students that were hosting sharing services or searching services on Campus Networks.  The RIAA has essentially declared war on the consumers. Now granted their are a lot of people that use these services and never buy CDs anymore. As I have said that isn't fair and those users should be scared and should have some sort of action against them. However for people like me that do buy music (usually around 12-20 cds a year) would be the target of the very orginization that I help support. That simply isn't right at all.  So what have I done. Well first of all I have moved from the open networks over to a program called WASTE. It is an encrypted file sharing system that only allows for so many users per network and makes it so that you have to authorize anyone who you want to share files with. While this doesn't mean a mole can't wiggle his way into your inner circle it does make it a little more secure. Also with the encrypting that the program does they may be able to monitor your ports and say you are using a lot of bandwidth but hell they can't readily crack the encrypted packets flying out of your machine. The system isn't foolproof and they will eventually find a way to track it...but in the meantime it is better than the current systems. It gives you the user more control over who has access to your files.   Also I have pledged to not buy anymore CDs or at least try not and buy anymore CDs. While my measly CD purchasing contribution each year means nothing to them, it is still that many less dollars that they have to fight this war. I would urge others to do the same. Copy a CD from a friend. Have a few friend pitch in and buy one CD and all of you copy it, tape and then burn songs off the radio, but try and not buy as many copies of CDs that you currently do.   Also get in touch with your representatives and voice your opinions against measures that the RIAA and MPIAA would have introduced into congress.  They are all out of touch with the consumer and it is time that we start telling them that with our dollars and our votes in congress.