         Well I went to another graduation party today and the really hot girl that I had formerly overlooked was there. All I can say is Ka-POW!  Tonight I read part of a guide to get women really hot and bothered over you. It is based on doing it the new-fangled new-aged way of sending out brainwaves (or vibes as I like to call it). Now people might think that this is rediculous...but I would beg to differ based on just some common sense working of the mental powers that some have.   First what is the most common trait of guys that have girls falling all over them? They are all relatively stupid. Think about it for a moment. Yes let it seep into your cranium. Of all the hot guys that have females fawning over them almost all of them have a single trait in common. They are dumb as a brick. I mean come on these guys wouldn't be rocket scientists ever. You have met them. Then think of all the guys that are super smart, even some of the good looking guys. They rarely have females fawning over them. They instead are just kind of introverts with a great personality and whit but rarely get to use it on a girl. Why? Because they are nerds...and classically females avoid nerds at all costs. Now I am not saying that you few females out there aren't into brainiac guys, some of you are, but the vast majority of you don't go for the nerd. Also look at the reverse. Almost all of the good looking girls that have guys fawning over them are pretty dumb as well. The smart girls almost never get any play. Of course there are exceptions to the rule as I call it...but those are few and far between.  Second why is it this way? Well maybe they tap into something more primal or primitave...or maybe it is voodoo. Well not in my universe there has to be something to these rules. Remember rules are meant to be broken.  Now this little read that I did basically states that you need to slow your brain down to a lower operating level, something around 7.83 hertz. The brain natively runs at around 14-30 hertz or so...Now using this logic you see that the average person runs at this speed. Using the old concept of faster is faster and thus more productive I would be that smarter people run at a slightly higher speed (maybe in the 21-30 hertz or maybe higher range) and dumber people run at a slightly lower speed (maybe around 14-21 hertz). This would give them a lower total number to reduce their brains down to this "majical" 7hz rating.   What is this "majical" 7.83hz. Well it is where the natural frequency of the earth resides. We know as fact that the earth hums along at this rate. Now every person has the ability and indeed changes their frequency with normal function around 14-30hz (or Beta Stage). When we enter into sleep we go through several stages (which are well documented). The stage that rests around the 7.83hz mark is considered (which is 7-13hz or Alpha Stage). The other stages are Theta 3.5-7hz and Delta Stage .5-3.5hz.. These stages correspond with sleep Alpha-being around that time when you are just starting to fall asleep (or daydream or meditation), Theta-sleep, and Alpha-deep sleep and dream.  Now if we can get our brains down to that "majical" level we can essentially tap into the earths frequency by just using logic. If we are running at that speed we are running at the speed that the earth does on the eltromagnetic scale. Remember our brains run of electricity. So to tap into this natural energy might not be so far fetched.  Think about this. When you have a short nap you wake up refreshed and ready to go usually. Meaning you have been recharged or maybe your brain is just cooled of a bit (remember that heat is generated by electricity and when you get shocked or struck by lightning it isn't nesecarily the electricity that kills you, it is the heat damage that kills).   At this "majical" number we are essentially plugged into energy that is greater than our own by itself. Now what can be done with this energy? Just about anything!  Now this book tells you to funnel that energy when in that state to do some good...like getting a girl all hot and bothered for you. There are many steps to achieving this, but all in all the technique is relatively simple overall.   We hear about Martial Arts masters being able to do all sorts of things that seem superhuman, and what do all Martial Arts masters have in common. They all do some sort of meditating. Plus you always hear them say "center yourself" fight not in anger but from a centered place. The same could be said about "Christian Healers" or those that pray for others, they are practicing a form of meditation (by praying and concentrating on what they are praying for). The Bible even mentions meditating for God's glory or something like that. Through mediation we esentially lower our brain wave activities to these lower levels and some people get to the "majical" number easily through this technic.   While the book claims that you can essentially heal and do all sorts of ill shit when we are at that level (some of which I debate to be valid until proven) it would make sense to some degree. When does the body heal itself? When we sleep!  So bringing it around to the argument that dumber people are more attractive to the opposite sex we see that they have a lower level to drop and smarter people have to drop much further to get to the level that a lot of dumb people are at even on a regular day to day basis.   When a dumb guy gets drunk he is essentially bringing his brain waves down to a semi-concious dream state buy default and taps into that power, because lets face it what happens to most when they get drunk? They get horny to boot. So when a dumbie is drunk and horny for a particular person they are sending out these signals fairly easily. That is why it is almost always easier to hook up when drunk. Think about it...it is true. The smarter person has still to make it to this level whenever they are drunk as they naturally function faster. Which when trying to bring down the frequency with alcohol you run into barriers such as alcohol poisoning.   So through meditation we may be able to get our levels down to this "majic" number.   You might say that once you are at that level then you are essentially asleep. Well I beg to differ. Ever asked someone a question when they are daydreaming or napping. Sometimes you get a responce that may be way off the wall...but you always get some sort of responce...even if it is only a look or nod. Try it sometime...you may be surprised.  Well I am going to try this out and see what happens...because you know I need all the help I can get. I have several people that I will try this on. One will be easy to get the info out of...the other almost as easy...and the third one will be blind to the attempt so we will have to see what happens.   This will delight one of my friends that I am trying it...because also at the same time I will try and think healing thoughts and see what happens. Again I will be able to tell this easily because I am me...and I know my body well.  I will of coarse post my results as time goes on. In the meantime I need to find a mp3 of the sounds that help you get into this mode as you can change your brain mode by just listening to noise or music (we all know this to be true...listen to a slow relaxing song and you will be relaxed, listen to something faster and heavier and you will notice that you may be more alert...something many of us have done when on our way home late at night sleepy).  Well I am off to find that mp3 to help...and to all of you non-believers out there hopefully if I see results you might start to believe. Because as humans we know less than we think and their are many things out there we can't explain but accept.