         So today I went with my grandmother to a graduation party for one of her students. I had to take her because she wasn't feeling so great and wasn't up to driving her.   Imagine this...pale skinny white ass me in amongst a gaggle of very good looking young nubile 18 year old women...and a few that were younger. Woah momma! I was kinda shocked because mostly I see these students of my grandmother and they are not always made up and just kinda schleppin along (which even then most all of them are ultra hot), but I got to see them today all dolled up. If I had been feeling just a little better I would have had a very large hard on simply because I have not been around that much fine ass in a long long time...maybe a frat party once, but it has been a long ass time.   The student graduating was Cara and she is a fox admittedly...plus she is super super talented. I tell you this woman is just a damn artistic genious. She paints, sings, acts...all of it and she is just absolutely amazing at it all. She has brains along with it. I tell you she will definitely do well in whatever venture she decides on doing in the future. I have always been impressed by her talent and today I was able to see all the art that she has worked on over the years. She is talented...and whoever snags her in the future will be one lucky mofo....put simply she is a great human being.  Yesterday was another girls graduation which I sadly missed...I wasn't feeling up to it, however looking back I should have gone. I have seen her in here before but never really paid attention to her. God damn is she fine. She is cute as a button and has a nice ass. You know the kind of ass that you look at then look away then look at again to make sure it is really there...wow! It was nice to see her to say the least. I guess at some point when I went to get my grandmother a drink she asked her if my tongue was pierced...my grandmother didn't answer I don't think but told her to ask or something like that. Well lemme tell ya little youngin it is...and it has many many good uses...I can be skilled with it when needed. I sure am glad all these girls are 18 now...because damn I would feel just soooo wrong if they weren't.  Tomorrow I have to take her to another graduation party. This girl I don't know but all of the others will be there...which is kewl because I won't be the biggest dork in the world...or something like that. I guess they all see me as an inigma or something because they have some sort of strange reverence towards me...or something like that...if they only knew that I was just a lazy ass twenty something...sick and lonely...hahahaha...and if only they knew some of the things I will be thinking about them ;-)  Anyways not to brag to much or anything but I was one of the best looking guys there...I mean sure there were larger hulkier guys there...but they were all just goofy looking and some were plain out fugly...so it gave me some confidence...at least I knew I was one of the better looking guys and if we were all forced to pick partners to be with if we were the last people on the earth I wouldn't be last this time! YAY!  Anyways I am tired and I need to rest...even though I sleep on average 12-14 hours a day now...not because I want to but because I have to...it sucks ass so bad...if only I had a little energy left...I would chase those girls in the bushes...or something like that ;-)  If there are any little green alien guys out there that would like to abduct me and fix all my bad parts, add 30 pounds to my body, and insert a vast amount of computer knowledge into my brain...well then go ahead and take my ass...you can probe anything you want anytime!