         So I finally wrote out the masterpiece as I will call it...well it isn't nearly as good as the original because this time I was trying to write something Earth shattering...I don't think it will have the same effect as the first version.   Basically it is my religion as I call it. My views and beliefs. I finished it up yesterday as my sister was screaching into the driveway making my a sound that I never like to hear my car do.  I will put the laptop back on the network later today and get it posted. It was something like three pages in MS Word.  Well something happened to me that I certainly didn't expect this last Sunday. My grandmother planned a surprise birthday party for my sis and I. Now I had known about it for a while so it wasn't in and of itself a surprise, but what was surprising were all the people that showed up. Even more surprising is that she was able to get consent from the Probation Office for me to go to it at a local resteraunt. Now I would never have expected that because the whole point of being on house arrest is to keep you in the house, but as I stated before my Probation Officer is really nice and was kind enough to let me go.   I got all sorts of gifts (which I hate that all those people spent or gave money to me) and all of them are greatly appreciated. I recieved 95 bucks in cash and 70 bucks worth of Gift cards to Sheetz and Hollywood Video, plus some other assorted stuff including a T-Shirt that is da' bomb and a really unique gift of a bath plug.   A bath plug? Well you see that is from my neighbor. When I was over fixing their family computer about two months ago he was teasing me that if I lost anymore weight that I would fall through my asshole. He kept this up for the two hours I was there. He packed it in multiple boxes that were harder to get into as I got further in the package, making it a challenge for me. On top of it he gave me his dull pen knife to cut into it making it all that much more difficult.   I was really shocked by all of it. It was a really nice thing to have seeing that I have only had three other birthday parties ever. One was my own, the other was a combined party that really was my sisters party, and the third was my 21st which I had at school. Now I have this one to add. Even though it did not include copious amounts of alcohol it was probably the most fun I have had in a while.   I also recieved an instant message from one of my friends that was also involved in this whole mess we are dealing with. It was nice to hear from him and his message was also very nice in that he told me to keep my chin up and hoped that I would start feeling better (or something to that effect). As I have always been towards him and this is true I hope all is well in his circle, and I hope that he continues to do well. After all this mess I think that we may have learned a pretty valuable lesson. First is to stand up and take the blame for what we had done. Second that friends are only friends when they don't try and screw you for things that you haven't done (as one other party involved in this all seemingly tried to blame everyone else and took a damn long time to stand up and take it on the chin...although I see his point of view seeing that he may be facing serious jail time.)  As has always been my schtick in the past. I certainly don't hold grudges. It is to time consuming and if you hold them sooner or later they come back and bite you in the ass. Even after all this shit I don't blame anyone but myself and I freely and willingly stood up and admitted what I had done, but no more than what I had done.   Friends help you out when you are in a pickle, but never ever expect friends to take a fall for you in situations like this especially if they aren't as involved. Also don't ever expect to friends to take even a minor fall for you if you treat them like shit several times over, and then talk shit about them. (Now I do not know for a fact nor would I claim that one person talked shit about me. However saying that I know this party well enough to know that he has probably said some things about me that weren't very nice. The problem is that for the people that know both myself and this other person they know that I am not in anyway the way what he would describe me as. I am a dick, I am a prick, I am many things, but I don't screw people over to make my cituation better. I have done many things that I am not proud of. Shit there are things that I would change, but I emphasize that I don't screw people over for my betterment. It just doesn't pay.)  Enough of that for now...I am reactionary so things do tend to excite me...and occasionally I like to try and stir shit up just for reactions...but again that is me being a dick, but you won't find me claiming anything outragious or outright lieing about people.  As for my health. That is a mixed bag. My lung infection is getting worse...very slowly but surely. I don't know when it will reach the "I need a hospital" point right now as this lung infection is very different from the ones in the past. It seems to be eating very little at a time, but it is feeding. As for that pain in my side it has gone away for the most part. I don't know what it was at all. I thought it might be a bowel obstruction but it wasn't. Maybe it was a fluke thing, or maybe a sign of something to come. Either way it wasn't pleasant and I hope not to be in that kind of discomfort again for some time. If it does re-occur then I will definitely call the Docs and get something for the pain as it certainly interfered with my life.   Till later today...I'm outie