         Well I went to that fucking job fair...it was worthless...why would I expect that I would be any different from the masses...a job fair for technical people and business persons really means Wal-Mart need associates and Notel needs some phone pimps...only two tech jobs there...  I mean really at this point I think I will get some rare form of cancer before I get a job...  oh and I got a hospital bill for almost a grand...and when it was supposed to be covered by insurance but they say I wasn't covered then...then when I tried to tell the billing person I spoke to that I had tertiary insurance (third level) and gave her the name of it she said it didnt exhist...and that if I wanted them to bill that insurance I would have to call the insurance company (which happens to be a state agency) and have them contact the hospital...well they ain't gonna do that...and the hospital won't call them to get the billing procedure on as how to bill them...so I say fuck it...they can't get blood from a stone  My grandmother is having her lung tumor removed later this morning...now I feel bad for her...but here is what she has done so far. Later this morning I have to have her there by 6:15 AM...ok I can do that...I would normally wait until they drug her and leave, come home, catch a couple of hours of sleep, and then when the hospital calls me and tells me she is out of surgery I would go and talk with the doc....no need for me to sit for five hours and wait....  So she planned to have a friend come up at 7:30 and I am going to breakfast with her...and then we will come back and sit and wait...when I elluded that I wanted to come home and get a little sleep that made her mad...and she then said well if you don't want to take me then my friend will take me...I never said I didn't want to take her...shit I could care less...but I don't want to wait with my thumb up my ass in an uncomfortable waiting room...  besides when she comes out of surgery I wouldn't be allowed to see her anyway...and will probably be restricted...cause I went to the docs the other day and found out I have a serious lung infection...serious enough that they would normally have pulled me into the hospital but seeing that I have become allergic to pennicilian based drugs dragging me in would be the last thing they would do...cause while I was in they would desensitize me to Pennicillian...or at least try to...and that could take a long time. So with this serious lung infection I have been put on the last oral antibiotics that my bugs respond to. After the bugs become resistant to them...then I get to head to the hospital every time I get sick for major IV anti-biotics (which happen to be pennicillian based)...the doc told me point blanc that he doesn't have many options left to treat me...and that once my bugs get resistant over the next few months it will come down to how fast they can get me non-alergic to pennicillian to treat me...in other words I might have but a few months of relative health left...  Now I could have let him go ahead and pull me in now and start the process...but I didn't because my grandmother needs me around...if I don't start seeing results in the next couple of weeks from the anti-biotics then I will be in the hospital...  I am glad of all of this...to die will be nice...peacefull and less stressfull than my life as such...  Yesterday was bad, today was worse, and tomorrow will be harder than today.