         Today I was able to get a almost two hour reprive from House Arrest as I was able to go out and get a few things. I didn't get everything done that I needed to but I did accomplish a few things.  The only comfort about this whole house arrest thing has been that I have internet access...outside of that it has been pretty torturous...I mean I am locked in the house with my grandmother 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Now as some of you that have known me for a long time may recall that I go pretty nuts when I am confined with her. Well it is happening again.  Not having had sex in well over two years is also playing a factor in that. Last time I was confined like this at least it was only a month since I had last had sex...but now with all those pent up tensions it is starting to wear on me a lot more than I initially factored. I think that I will go ahead and seek counseling again as I have in the past...not really to work things out, but to just get out of this friggin house more often...also I have a lot of medical appointments that I have to make so that will also get me out a little more often. Maybe I can swing it that I get out once a week to do these things.   On a brighter note though my grandmother is looking into buying another house here in Springdale PA. This house would be for me as I qualify for Section 8 housing assistance and that would essentially pay for her to get another place...it would be an investment for her, and a way out for me. I would finally be able to get out of this place and maybe get myself a little more established. I would finally have my own domain...that would be very nice indeed...so on the off chance that I would meet a suitable woman then I can have her over without being a total dork living in my grandmothers house.   Also this coming week my mom will be getting back from her jaunt to MS. When she comes back I will have the monumental task of selling a ton of collectibles like baseball cards, action figures, bobble head thingies, basketballs signed by teams. This would help her out by giving her some money that she needs...and it would also be a way for me to make some money as I would get a percentage of everything sold.   Today outside of going out was uneventfull as usual. I just laid around and listened to my lungs gurgle as they fill with sticky mucus that is surely getting infected and will soon land me in the hospital.  The other evening I saw one of those news shows like Dateline or something like that. They had a feature on a girl who just recently died of the disease that I am fighting. She had a double lung transplant and things were looking up for her until her body started to reject the organs...While I am comfortable with the fact that I will die soon I found myself eirily moved by her story as it was really similar to mine. She also attempted college but was eventually forced to quit because of health (and that is one of the many reasons I quit as well...maintaining a decent GPA and being very ill and in the hospital is very challenging). While I am sure that she took much better care of herself than I ever have it brought me to a conclusion.  I will not have any organ transplants. Even if the outcome would look bright I simply would not want one. I already wasted my lungs to many things...like smoking pot and other things over the years. Now I know this seems suicidal to do this considering that I have a lung disease...but really I don't care what people think about it. Marijuana experiences are among the best memories that I have in my life. It brought many good things into it...mainly through the bonding that I did with people while high.   Some have questioned why I would do such a stupid thing knowing that it would make me sick and land me in the hospital if I did those things. The only answer that I have for that is that I was looking for something fun and something that brought me a little happiness. Drugs did just that. They gave me some great memories (as well as a few I would love to forget), but more importantly I was happy when I was doing them. When I cut them out of my life for a period of six months I saw a very sharp downward spiral in my mental health. It was not that I was addicted to anything because I did not crave any of the drugs that I have done...it was the feeling they gave me that I longed for. They were like a majical happy pill. Overall they were much better than any anti-depressant that they ever put me on. If I could only smoke pot I would be in much better mental state...or even pain meds...those are truely miracle drugs in my mind.   Of all the drugs that I have done I still am in love with pain meds...the legal kind prescribed by physicians. Not only did they take away the daily pain that I am in, but they also elevated my mood to levels that would be considered normal by comparisons...In other words I wasn't depressed at all when I would take pain meds.   People may say that I could fall into a pit of being dependant on them or addicted to them...however I beg to differ. First of all I didn't do them as a recreation...like I wouldn't pop a few pills and go out to socialize or party on. I would take two Vicodans in the morning and the mood that they induced would last all day and maybe I would take one at dinner time to round out the evening. I did this regularly when the drugs were around for me to use. Not once did I experience a loss of effect even when on them for extended periods of time. When I ran out I did not find myself physically craving them either...instead it was more like my body was taking a break...but my mood certainly suffered when I didn't have access to them.  During my experimentation with prescription drugs I found that the perfect combination was 20mg of Valium and two 500/5mg Vicodan in the morning with another 10 of Valium and 500/5 of Vicodan in the evening. This gave me the ability to make it through a day without being depressed and gave me the ability to function as a somewhat normal person...alleviating pains that I have everyday...but also giving me that ability to just deal with things in a more rational matter...things didn't upset me and I was calmer...plus my brain slowed down sufficiantly to the point where it was not always racing.  Another plus was that all of my screaming migraines stopped when on this combo...Migraines I might add that were brought on by a seizure that was caused by an Anti-Depressant that I was on (Wellbutrin). I have a headache everyday when I wake up and it usually goes to a migraine by mid-day that will continue for several hours...while they do not completely bring me down...they certainly cause a lot of stress in my brain.  I may have to request that I go on this coctail so that I can function a little better in the world...and I would definitely need it if I were to actually obtain a job.  Speaking of jobs the rest of this week I may go over my resume' and then start hitting up companies in a vain attempt to find employement...but that will depend on my health over the next few weeks...  I see a hospital stay of a week or more in my near future...my lungs are bleeding pretty badly now...and I definitely have seen a decrease in lung function overall...as I can barely make it up the steps of this house without huffing and puffing and coughing after the climb...and that is after I do my treatments...  Well I am out for the eve...got some shit to do tomorrow...like clean the garage slowly to allow for all these collectibles to be close to me for Ebay Auctions...  Peace