         So I wrote some more stuff today on the economy and maybe why we aren't seeing a recovery in the Job market even though the economy is techincally growing.   It is a very difficult subject to get into really. What I would need to do to make it a little better of a read would be to do some actual research on all of it to get together numbers so it would look a little more official.   I wonder how many of you out there actually read through the discourse I wrote about religion. I would love to hear from some of you out there in CyberLand...  You may have noticed that I changed the layout ever so slightly....in the right hand corner area you will find a couple of actual links...I will update them as I come across things that are interesting...also I have my email addy posted...just click on it and it will launch your default email client so you can email me....feel free to email anytime. I will usually respond quickly...  Also the first link over there is a link to the Howard Dean Campaign page...After having looked through his page and over his topics I find that he seems to  be pretty balanced out there...I would only hope that he gets the Democratic Nomination as he would be the best to actually take on Bush and his Neo-Con friends...  I used to be a Republican...until this administration got in there and started yanking away many civil liberties, lowering taxes on the people that can afford to pay a few extra bucks, leading us into a war that we cannot win (the war on terrorism....just think have we won the war on drugs yet?), and the seemingly endless amount of nepotism towards companies affiliated with the Bush administration. It brought me to relize that the Republican party is not a good thing to be part of at this point.   Are the Democrats any better? Well I don't really know that they are. They have been in the past all for Gun Banning and many other things that I am most certainly against...but right now they would seem to be the party that is the lesser of two evils...so here is a note to the Democrats...get your shit together or you may find yourselves on the lists that the Ashcroft Justice department is building that considers people who don't fall in line with the administrations ideals as enemies...and if you are on that list you may find yourself loosing your citizenship because of being a Democrat...sounds harsh right? Well believe me if the Administration gets everything it wants then that scenario would be very easy to imagine...  Whatever you vote for in the coming presidential election just make yourself more informed as to who these people are affiliated with...remember that both parties absolutely hate when a voter is actually informed about the issues and what their candidates stand for....instead both major parties would like you to believe what the PR departments put together for them...with a little research anyone can become what I will call a Dangerous Voter...  New Definition: Dangerous Voter: adj, verb: A voter that does his/her homework and becomes informed on what candidates have stood for in the past, a voter that is willing to vote against party lines as long as it is for the beterment of the nation, a voter that uses their vote as currency in our democracy forcing politicians to trade in nothing but the truth and do the voters bidding, a voter that is not affraid to confront any elected official and call them on campaign processes even if the elected official is in the middle of a speecha and that speech may hold information that is contrary to the actions of the official.