         My theory on Religion and what my resulting religion is.  So here it is.  Q: Do you believe in God, if not what do you believe in? A: Yes and no. I believe in a higher power. Some religions call this thing God, Allah, Jehovah, Buddha, whatever. I call it a higher power. I don’t really call it any of those things. By labeling it anything other than the “higher power” would be limiting that power into someone else’s predefined small little black box description of it. By doing that we limit the power and what it can and cannot do. For me to limit this unknown power seems a little silly.   Q: Do you believe your higher power is directly involved as most religions believe? A: No. For me to believe that any higher power is directly involved in every little thing that goes on here on Earth would be silly. It really is silly in my opinion to believe in that. Maybe I am wrong but I really doubt there is this big ole dude up there sitting and moving pieces around a chess board. I would hope that we have a little more power over our own lives then that.  Q: What is your credo? A: Well I would like to think that I have started to live by a simple code. That you try and treat others as they would treat you. I do believe that the Ten Commandments that are in the Christian Bible are a good roadmap. They lay out a simple code that people should aspire to live to. Now mind you not everyone can do that and live exactly to that code. I wish that we all could because if we did live up to those ideals then we would all be living in a much better world.   Which brings me to this ideal. From what I have read and heard from all the scholars out there most religions preach peace and tolerance. However how much peace and tolerance do you see between all the various religions now a days? Look at the middle east for example. What is that all about? It is simply about religion. The Jews hate the Muslims and the Muslims hate the Jews, and the Christians don’t like any of them. Hell there is infighting in the religions. You have the Sunni’s, the Kurds, Shiites. We have Baptists, Catholics, Protestants, Lutherans. We have all these different sub versions of the same religions that don’t get along. Yet all of the religions preach one simple thing, TOLERANCE. If they would all have a little tolerance then maybe we could get a little further.   Q: So who is your “higher power”? A: Well I really don’t know or really care exactly what it/he/she/they may be. I just know that there is a higher power out there. What or who it is really isn’t something that I can really even give an idea without sounding like a crackpot.   Q: Do you believe in evolution? A: Yes, but not to the extent that we all came from a puddle of goo. Evolution is pretty much a fact. We can see throughout time how things have evolved and to think that it is not true or to deny it is really like trying to deny that the Earth revolves around the Sun or some other thing that we know as fact.   So if I don’t believe that we evolved all the way from goo then where do I think we came from? Well I do believe that the higher power did indeed have a hand in us coming about. However I believe it is much different then it going “poof” your there. I believe that it was more of a seeding than anything else. He/she/it/they dropped off a bunch of DNA samples or actual critters and then let it go. Almost like a giant science experiment. That the higher power is more or less a scientist would make sense to me. In other words as a good scientist the higher power only really intervenes whenever absolutely necessary otherwise it just lets the experiment run and it will to its conclusion.   Q: Do you believe in Christ or “the son of God”? A: Yes as a matter of fact I do. However I don’t believe in it as deeply as religion would like me to believe it. I believe that in fact these people that pop up throughout various religions who are “sons of god” or “gods” themselves; that they are emissaries to us from the higher power that is out there. Indeed they may have powers that we may not have such as healing and the ability to walk on water. Who really knows? I believe though that they were sent as emissaries to kind of guide us and give us some pointers along the way. Unfortunately we haven’t listened to them and have pretty much gone about our own way. These are the times that I believe that the higher power has actually tried to get involved not so much to control, but more to guide and see what happens. Again unfortunately we haven’t really heeded those ideals brought forth by those emissaries. It is rather unfortunate for us really.  So where does this leave me? For me really it gives me the option of expanding my ideals as my personal knowledge grows. It gives me the ability to adapt to new ideals and situations quickly and without much religious fervor. It gives me the ability to see many different points of view on religion yet be able to look at them all and see the remarkable similarities between them all.   I am open to all peoples’ views as none of them really interfere with my own in that we all believe in very similar things except maybe we just call it different things. This also gives me the remarkable ability to worship anywhere. Although I really don’t worship.   In the end I just think that we can believe in whatever we want to believe in. If it makes you feel more comfortable to believe in some all knowing all powerful being than so be it. However if you are going to look at it like that then also look at the underlying religion and ascribe to the basics of it. Which in most of them are Love and Tolerance of all your fellow human beings. In the end that is all my religion asks of you. It doesn’t care about the knitpicky things. What it desires is that you treat those around you with some respect, but also acknowledges that it may not be possible to be this way all the time.  The last thing that I need to address is death. What do I believe in?  This is really hard to say. I don’t think we just die and that’s it. I think we do move on to something else but I am not really sure what it is.  There is an idea that involves quantum physics and some really advanced science stuff that basically says that things are mirrored throughout the universe and this may be the way it is with our brains. That when we die essentially our consciousness moves on even though we are technically dead. I remember seeing a program on Discovery or TLC about it and thinking that it was a reasonable explanation. Maybe the energy that makes up our soul our consciousness stays together even after we die and it moves onto something else, another plain. This kind of fits in with my “everything must have an explanation” way of thinking. If we move on after words that means we are still together somewhere out there. Now that leaves open the possibility that we can still communicate in some form or fashion. This doesn’t mean I believe in Psychics whole heartedly, but it does leave open the possibility that they aren’t all full of shit.  I consider these ideals to be well balanced and something that I can carry through on a daily basis. It does not make me hate anyone because of their beliefs as some religions do. It helps me want to understand the world and universe around me instead of just accepting that some all knowing being has it all planned out for me. It makes me want to be engaged in life and learn from my mistakes. After all why were we given free will if that great power already had everything planned out for us? If free will wasn’t in us then most certainly I would believe that everything was planned out and would be fear stricken if it weren’t all planned out for me.   Maybe that is the human condition or sickness. Maybe we really wish we didn’t have free will, because if we didn’t have it then all would be planned and easy for us. Since we have it we have made our lives hugely more difficult to execute. Personally I like having free will, because it gives me license to question things, make fun of stuff, and really live freely.