         I just woke up from the strangest set of dreams I think I have had in a long while.  It was a series in which I would get into a dream, wake up then fall back asleep and continue the previous dream. Strange I tell you.  What was the subject of this dream. Its more like who was the subject of it.   These dreams were about my ex Beth. So here goes the entire set of dreams.  In my dreams she was about to marry some dude that I never got to see in the dream. I wasn't going to have that and I was going to stop the wedding. Almost "Freshman" style without the church and banging on the glass. Anyways I ran into her at a mall and she was surrounded by security people almost like police. When I got close I just said to her "does he make you laugh like I do" (a similar line of that in Oceans Eleven). We get into a short conversation and she then alarmedly tells me to scram cause he was on his way back and wouldn't be happy if I was there. Pretty soon the security people see me and start chasing me through the mall. I give good chase (here is a little note for you out there. I would love to be able to run and it is little dream of mine but my lungs are so fucked that I can't run or be physical more than a mear minute before collapsing from oxygen deprivation...I need to work on that but I doubt I will ever be able to be physical again...it is really frustrating.).   I get to a store and now hear that the police are chasing me as well because the security must have called them and said something, because the police thought I had a gun and was on the hunt for me. I get to the end of the mall and it is some superstore type place with all kinds of goodies and of coarse I stop and look at the electronics because I am a nerd. The police spot me but I vanish into the back of the store, the storage area and make with ninja stealth technics and make my way past several of them back into the store itself. I then get to the front through the super long dairy food isle that bottomed out on the liqour center. I walked past the counters and got outside. Then all hell breaks loose again.  I see from the one side a police vehicle screaming towards me with sirens blasting. So what do I do, run like a bullet. I mean in this dream I streaked across the parking lot (remember this is a super mall type place and it is in suburban hell). I make with the ninja crouching tiger hidden dragon skills and hop up onto the top of a mini-strip mall thing to avoid the cops. I make my way across the roof and get to a stand of trees. I then hop in them. Now the trees are wet like after a rain so I was getting soaked by their leaves. The first ones I jump into are pine trees I make my way through them and into a small stand of older hardwoods. From there I hop down and run across a neighborhood with the police chasing me all the way. I hop back onto a roof and then to another which is another store. I then hope from the store into a courtyard that has this large porn sign above it notifying me that I had jumped into something of a strip club parking lot only I got the backyard place of here. I jumped in the middle of several stripper types and said "excuse me ladies, if cops come looking say that I wasn't here.' They all nodded and said they wouldn't say I was there. I then lept out of there. Now in my dream I must have been even better looking that I am in real life because shit to get any woman to do something like that is nearly inpossible without a large diamond or lots of cash and I had neither in the dream.  Now the next dream in the series. I guess the wedding was called off because I went over to her house only it wasn't here real life house. It was this mansion type place that was gorgeous. I did a ninja stealth approach but I soon learned it wouldn't be nesecary because they were expecting me. Especially Beth. In this dream something was slightly different than in person. She had a boob job. Her boobs really weren't any bigger but they were fuller and just different than in real life I guess. (I haven't seen them unclothed in a long time so I don't know what they look like) Anyways I go to her room and I just crawl into bed with her. We just lay there and are close to each other.  At this point I woke up. I tried going back to sleep to get more and I did. However when I woke up it was the most peacefull fealing I have ever had. I was just so calm...I don't know how to explain it really.  I got back to sleep and the dream kinda continued. This time I went off to get something and came back and she was taking a mud bath. I played with her while she was muddy it was fun in the dream. Of coarse we had sex in my dreams what good dreams are there for a guy without sex attached. However it wasn't an illicit sex dream. I knew that we were going to have sex but it was like a movie where we got started then it would flash to the end when we were in post coital cuddle. Strange indeed. Again I was waking up with this sense of calm.  I don't know what it was all about and the only thing that I can come up with is that I am lonely. Lonely beyond all belief. However even if their was someone I don't think that I could open up to them.  The closest I got to opening up was with Beth, I have told her that and I don't know if she believes me on it. Just simply becuase we ended so weirdly I don't know what she thinks about that period. I know she was mad about it all becuase she wasn't in the loop of my mental illness at that time.   I am starting to ramble because I don't know what I need. I can't really invest the energy in getting a new girlfriend and I really don't know if thats what I want. By investing energy I mean that it was so much mentally from me the first time around that it exhausted me, nearly drove me nuts, and now my health is much worse. That is another point I am not healthy, really I don't know how much time I have and there is no one out there who wants to have anything to do with that.   There is no woman out there strong enough to deal with that. To deal with someone they care about or love knowing they will die soon. I don't think there is any female that can cope with that. I have seen guys do it, but women don't seem to be able to handle that. Besides I really wouldn't want to do that to a woman. Fall in love then leave.   This leaves me with a dilema. I am lonely and need that, but how do I get it? Plus someone already has my heart. I have told her before and she tells me to "stop that" or move on essentially, but I am not built that way unfortunately.   I don't really want sex per-se. I want intimacy.   Jeesh...I am all bound up now...talk amongst yourselves I'll give you a topic. What's wrong with me?