         Hey out there in Cyber Land...another thrilling installment into my life.   Yeah right. My life is exciting as a shoe that happens to be on fire with a village of fleas living in it. Well hell not even that exciting. In that scenario you would have fleas jumping about saying in flea speak "help me help me, my baby is in there, stop touching me there chief flippet I already have a man!" Or something like that.   My world consists literally of this. I wake up round a bouts 4PM go downstairs and get some sort of food. I then veg for a bit in front of the TV in the kitchen while eating whatever I grabbed from the cupboard or freezer. Whenever my grandmother comes into the kitchen and starts rattling around (and she comes in there to simply make noise I am quite sure of that) I then gather my Pepsi and head out to the living room to continue watching TV. If something interests me enough to head upstairs and hop on the net I do so, otherwise I just veg in front of the TV watching either CNN, CNNHN, FSTV, Worldlink, Comedy Central, History Channel, or maybe another channel if something catches my eye, but those are my main flipping channels. I then veg until 11PM when I faithfully flip over to Comedy Central to watch Daily Show with John Stewart, because it is probably the best news source in the world. Ok maybe not but it is funny as hell. Then I watch Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn...that show makes me mad because all they do is yell at each other and call each other stupid when indeed they are stupid because they can't form sentences most of the time. Then at Midnight I switch to MTV for The New Tom Green Show. It has its ups and downs...overall it is pretty funny.   I veg maybe another hour downstairs before heading back to my room. I grab a few Pepsi's and make my way upstairs to my room. Sometimes I watch a movie and surf. Like tonight I am watching A Beautiful Mind (which rocks ass people). The way he saw things is a lot of what I see sometimes...it is weird. Anyways I surf for a bit, watch a little porn, head to my favorite sites which by the way are listed here (Highradiation (Cloud10), HardOCP, Howard Dean Campaign, and then to here to update and rant!). Then I head to here to update this pathetic blog with my absolutely boring life.   After a bit of staring off into space I head to bed. Sometimes early in the morning, sometimes late at night...depending on what you call which.  Well today I have decided that trying to get a Coolpix SQ for the price I want is useless, but I can get a Coolpix 3100 for the better price. Plus it is a little better camera I would guess and it fits into my sexy little camera catagory.  So I will try for that model.  Now off to some porn.