         Well there are two sites that I love to peruse every now and again...one is the infamous Tucker Max and the other is TardBlog (also from the creator of Tucker Max)...there really is a guy named Tucker Max and his web site is hilarious...he has the most insane stories out there...he is one of my hero's. The Tardblog is a recalling of a special ed teachers daily life. Yes she teaches tards.  Well Tucker Max has been involved in a nasty court battle that has actually kinda caught the establishment by its balls. He has stories posted on their of his many conquests and one of them happened to be someone semi-famous Katy Johnson Miss Vermont 2001 + 1999. They have both been featured on MTV...Tucker on Sex2K and Katy on Made "I wanna be a beauty queen".   Tuckers story of Katy was pretty harsh but from what I have read and what I believe it is true...she sounds like one hell of a character herself that is in need of a little therapy. Who knows...maybe she does.   Anyway she sued to have the stories of her pulled from the site as well as any mention of her name as well as any mention of her title as Miss Vermont. Well this simply flies in the face of a little thing called the First Amendment. You know the one about free speech. If you never have heard of it the amendment basically says you can say anything that you want anytime that it is your right. Now there have been limitations on it like yelling fire in a crowded theatre and such, but never has anyones right to tell a story been pulled. Until this case was brought. Basically a judge in Florida (yeah that state with all the old people who aparently can't figure out how to vote, a bunch of Cubans, and a dearth of pretty much mindless beings) told Tucker to pull the story down and ruled that he couldn't tell that story...against the First Amendment.  Well to kinda cut it down the order has been struck down, Katy lost her motion, Tucker got his groove back, and well we all get to laugh at the pitiful attempt at yet another poor hapless soul who needs to get a friggin life....  Oh and one other thing you can't say is this "I want to Kill The President of The United States of America". That gets the Secret Services cockles up...that don't like that...even though it really is protected speech.   I will probably be hauled off in a few days for saying that...but I would still have one hell of a lawsuit...its free speech baby...I have never made plans nor would I to kill the current president...even though he is a lying sack of cow shit that has sent many to war to die all in the name of power and money...I hope he enjoys killing people...because he really is a sack of shit.   Anyone who has graduated with a master's degree should have even the most basic command of the english language...but our president doesn't...hell a Japanese teenager that goes to "engrish" class probably has a better grasp of it than that horses ass!  Can I say how much I dislike George Bush...I hope is defeated in this election, then I hope he goes home to Texas and is run over by some of his cows....and then whoever is in office at the time will award those cows a medal.   George W. Bush is no better than any other dictator in history and should be brought up on war crimes trials as well as he should be impeached!