         Well I got into a semi fight with my mom and grandma today...  Here was the scenario...we were all sitting in the living room with our neighbor...now my neighbor has a retarded daughter that is in her thirties...and we were talking about my dog and I said "yeah he really is a retard"...it never once stuck in my head about my neighbors kid...and really it wasn't meant to offend...and I think that the neighbor didn't take offence (and if she did...if she can't take a joke, then fuck her). This comment was not meant with any malice because my dog is indeed a retard and dumb...does dumb shit all the time...  well she left to go over to her house to show her husband a signed football that we have and no sooner does she get out the door than I am hit with from either my mom or grandmother (it happened so fast it was a blur) I was hit with something along the lines of "you have to watch what you say around her because she doesn't like the word retard".  Now instead of leaving it there my grandmother continued on about it for another minute or so. Now it would have been fine leaving it at the initial comment as I fealt bad about it,  instead they continued on...  I got mad and said that I didn't mean any harm and they should let it drop...the next door neighbor is a big girl and can handle a battle if she so chooses...again I felt bad about it but now I was mad because they kept on.  My mom called me insensitive...which I am about certain things...like handicaps and such...hell if someone wants to call me a handicapped broken gimp I wouldn't take offence...I would just fire it right back at them.  It just kept on happening and happening and my grandmother was getting more rude about it...finally I snapped and told her to be quiet about it...it was over and the point was moot...that made my mom even more pissed...I just wanted to drop it.  It finally got down to my mom and I after my grandmother stormed off...and I told my mom had they both let it drop after the initial blasting it would have been fine but instead my grandmother chose to take it to the next level...now she does this all the time...it is like a little dog nipping at your heels...sooner or later your gonna kick the dog...and tonight apparently I kicked the dog.  I love both my grandmother and mom a lot...they have done more for me that I could have ever hoped for and have been great about all my flaws...but I just can't stand being attacked like that for something so insignificant as that.  That is my hell...it is knitpicking and heel biting...and it gets old.  I am dark and moody but I don't let it spill onto others as much as possible....when I get like that I stay out of the way so as to not pick fights like this. Because I avoid people and can generally be a crabass I am the bad guy in it all.  Well tonight I put in a bid on a Coolpix SQ...hopefully I will get this one cause I need a new camera for all of this...and I think that would be a good camera for that and for just toting around as it is teeny tiny...plus it looks K-Rad...well hopefully I will win the auction cause that would be hella sweet...if I don't get the auction there are a couple of packages that are reasonable for around 500 bucks...and that would be kewl as hell any way you look at it...the packages are worth it seeing the camera sells for about 400 in the stores...and with the extras it would push the price over the 500 mark...and the package includes a larger memory card, extra batery pack, and some other goodies...  Well wish me luck on the auctions...I will need it as I have a lot of crap to sell...like this one football that is signed by a bunch of hall of famers (namath and many others) that would bring around a grand or more depending...plus I have a Kobe Bryant jersey that is signed by him...so that might make a few bucks...lots of rookie cards (shaq and more)...this whole thing will bring in the big bucks...maybe will allow for a lot of goodies plus a lot of cash to invest.  I will get into really selling the shit out of this stuff as soon as I can get a working camera.  Peace out...   Check out the Howard Dean site!