         I got an email from one of my friends down south that reads the blog...big shout out to Missy! Thanx for reading it...hope it doesn't bore you to much, and I hope that I can make someone laugh from time to time while looking into my life.  Here is a little info for you Missy...and I will email you back tomorrow as I have to be up to recieve my camera that I ordered from  Newegg .  So here is the little update in a convoluted sort of way. I haven't been laid in over a year and half and my balls are starting to turn a nice shade of blue...maybe it is because of no sex or my lungs not currently delivering the needed oxygen to them.  I am still sort of looking for work although with my health being on a roller coaster from hell it is hard to secure regular employement when you don't know how things will be week to week, but do not worry I do happen to have on of the best doctors for CF in the Nation and he is really dedicated although he is an ass sometimes.  Mom was down there not but a couple weeks ago to clear out the trailer and storage box of all that shit Doug got over the years as he is now in jail...and will remain in jail for some time. He was busted about a month ago for guess what....more credit card fraud. He bought tickets to the Memphis Invitational with a stolen card and then they busted him for it, he also bought a butt load of movie tickets as well. They also got him for having weapons in his car, as he is a convicted felon he is not supposed to have any weapons. The weapons where this knife he got me and a pellet pistol he got me...ironic huh?  So she went down and got all the collectables and it is now up to me to sell them all on Ebay...hence the need for a digital camera that should be here tomorrow.  On the health front I have been in and out of the hospital over the past six months or so several times and I fear I will be headed there again because of a nasty lung infection that I can't get rid of...it is becoming a chore to breath because of it, however I have been putting it off for some time because I am now allergic to Pennicillian based drugs and the rest that they can treat me with my bugs don't respond well to them...so the next time I go in I will have to be desensitized to Penn. drugs which will entail days of hives and uncomfort...that sucks ass! The weird thing is I am taking decent care of my self and have cut out many things in my life to lengthen the life of my lungs...I still slip from time to time...but hey I am doing better than ever on that front.  I am finally finished with all my legal battles and just serving out my sentence in my little room here in PA. I was busted several years ago as the driver for what turned out to be a large computer hardware theft ring. I really was just the driver in it all...you can Google my name and see what all they said. In the end I came out alright because I was straight with the prosecution on it and gave them the information that really made the case for them as it turns out (because I am anal retentave and kept logs of what was said on ICQ). Right now I am serving a six month house arrest and I am down to five months now or a little less...I will be off of that by just after Christmas...then I have four years probation...plus I have a whopper of restitution (96 grand in conjunction with the other people also convicted). Funny thing is I didn't get anything out of it...everything that I got was (which wasn't much) was taken away (of coarse!) and the rest was smokin pot...but no where near what would be worth all this crap. So that is that story.  Michelle came up during July to do an externship...she has about a year to go. Also she is still engaged to Arkansas boy...he is a real treat I tell ya. However she is well, although they are making her pull a lot of night duty and you know how she likes to be in bed by 11...so that is pissing her off. She is also worried about the debt she has amassed during school...my philosophy on that is they can't get blood from a stone...so they can suck it. She will make herself clear of that problem soon enough.  Mom is ok...but when she went down she found a bunch of letters from women that Doug had been "carrying on" with over the internet and through the mail. She also found a bottle of that herbal stay hard stuff...so he was tryin to get some action even while dissin' my mom. That made her pretty depressed but then it made her mad.  As for Doug he will have to serve out at least his remaining probation sentence down at Parchment...which is three years, plus the prosecutor is going for ten years on the other charges...there are so many of them. They went all Macgyver on him and had him under watch for months...so they have plenty to get him with. YAY!!!!  My blog here is just to keep people up to date because I really don't have many real life in the flesh friends right now...I still have people I talk to but I can't see them now because of this mess. However that will end and I will definitely get out to see people more often after I am done with it.  Hmmm what else...oh yeah I am going nuts being here at my grandmothers...I daily have to remind myself not to stab myself or her with a fork...fun times!  Once I get done with house arrest I will most likely do a little travelling with some of the proceeds out of the selling I do on this collectables...no shit there is like 100 grand worth or more just laying around here...it is a big task but I will get it all sold just to make my mom and I moola!  Well I will talk to ya'll later...and I will email you missy tomorrow...  Peace and thanks for reading!