         PS I am getting used to putting links into the text on the page and will continue to do so from now on...HTML is becoming less of a mystery to me now because of Blogspot.  Also I want to let people know that last night I saw  Dean  on Larry King live...I must say his smile is a little creepy...but I can grow to like it.  The only critisizms that I have about the interview are this.  First. Dean needs to recognize that not all his supporters are Democrats and that other factions may well be the ones that help in getting elected. Instead of classifying people as Dems and Repubs he needs to just say "the people" as he is the people's candidate that just happens to be a Democrat.  Second: He tiptoed way far around the "gay marriage" issue. I wish that he would have been more forcefull on it. Marraige liscences are issued by the government and are not a religious thing at all in my book. It is a piece of documentation that comes from the government that is the same as Civil Union documents. Marriage has to long been associated with religion and in our society it is a legal contract, not a religous one. Again the Church and State should be seperate. However in codifying a law to allow "gay marriage" it needs to made clear that Religious institutions do not have to accept them but the law should. I am for a homosexuals right to marriage...we let far worse people enter into the legal contracts so I think it only fair that anyone who is willing (or stupid enough) to enter into marriage should be allowed.  Also I read the Time writeup on Dean. It shed some light on his past and his upbringing. Something that people really need to know is that he really isn't as far left as most people make him out to be...in reality he is more centrist in the Democratic party and more like a classic Democrat than what is parading around Washington posing as Democrats. The Dems in DC are more like Republicans of old, and the Republicans of the now are more like Nazi's or Stalinist's then their humble beginnings as they are so far right it would take a few more right turns and then be in 1930's era Germany in many ways.  Another thing to consider when you cast your vote. Republicans claim fiscal responsibility, but no Republican president in the last 30 years has managed to even come remotely to a balanced budget. Instead they like to run huge deficits that only favor the wealthy in the end and will bankrupt the government if left unchecked over the next few years.  To balance the budget there will be some things that have to be done and they won't be pretty or even popular, like tax increases to levels that were in place before Bush took office. With his tax cuts have we seen new growth? With his tax cuts have you seen your salary increase? Most likely you have lost your job or seen a pay cut (to be fair however not all of that can be blamed on Bushenomics), but instead of keeping taxes at a point where the government could pay down its huge debt they added to it with unesecary cuts that overwhelmingly favor the wealthy.  The only thing that anyone can ask another to do is vote their heart...but before voting with your heart become familiar with what each and every official running for office stands for.  On a side note it was much publisized that Colin Powell will not be back if Bush is re-elected. I am glad to hear that...not because I want him gone but because he is to good of a man to be working in this administration. I would bet a buck that he writes a book after he is out telling of the abuses and plain out manipulation of the Administration during his time as Secretary of State. He is not a Bush goon at all, but unfortunately he has to go with what the administration wants or risks being labled a traitor to his nation. Had Powell been given lattitude on the Iraq bungle he would have most likely upped sanctions and let the country implode without a single American soldier dieing in that hell hole.