         Today I went and got a camera off of  NewEgg . I got a Nikon Coolpix 3100 and a 128MB Compact flash card for 332.99. Not a bad deal considering just the camera alone retails for 349.00.  Also tonight I went surfing around to read a little more about my man  Howard Dean . The Democratic establishment doesn't seem to like this guy because he is not really a true blue Dem.   Now lemme try and set something strait about him in my own words. The reason he is not a true blue Dem. and the reason that I will be voting for him when it is time to vote for President if he is nominated is because he isn't a true blue Dem. He has many policies and ideas that don't jive with the rank and file.  First he is much more liberal (or conservative) than most Dems. He believes in gun owners rights. It doesn't seem like he wants to take any more of those rights away which goes against the Dogma of the Dems. He also is a supporter of Gay Rights openly. While the Dems support Gay Rights in their meetings and thoughts they don't really stand up for them when the time comes.  It was also critisized that he really doesn't have a true plan to fix things that he sees wrong. My question is this. Should he this early in the game? I mean things change as times move on. A true representative of the people has to be flexable when it comes to things like this in my view and not set on his own agenda for things like it is the bible of their lives.  Sure he may not have a budget plan right now, but how many Dems do have a budget plan that is detailed right now? I bet none of them. The budget is something that can be worked on and proposed whenever he gets into debates with the Republican candidate which will be George Bush.   His ideas are sound. Greater spending on health care, education, and security. Now all of these things can be achieved with a balanced budget. If a guy like Clinton (who really was bright in his own right but not a genious) can do it than someone who is a Doctor certainly can.   What we have right now is a crisis here in America. The health care system is crumbling. It really is in shambles. Partly due to unlimited lawsuits towards doctors. Now I am not for limiting these lawsuits, I really don't want to see caps put on because there are times when a Doctor really screws up and messes someone up due to negligence, those lawsuits are justified. However a vast majority of them aren't and those are the lawsuits that need to be capped. Maybe a good system would be to put in place a national board that is comprised of both lawyers and doctors who collect facts about a particular case. They then make a ruling as to whether or not the suit has merrit or should be capped. While this would certainly cost a lot of money to do simply because of the shear volume of lawsuits it would be a more efficient way of clearing out the courts of these frivilous lawsuits and then letting the ones that have merrit go onto a jury trial to get "justice".   Another thing that is clear is that the Education system is in collapse. The "No Child Left Behind" initiative has effectively dumbed down the students of many districts so that districts can stay off of a list of places that need improvement. In doing this they lower the effective testing measures to allow for students that aren't proficiant to pass therefor helping the disrtict out. That is simply wrong. Education needs to be overhauled from top to bottom.   My education plan is fairly simple in concept. First we need to get rid of Teachers unions as we know them. They have a lot of resposibility in helping create this crisis by keeping teachers that aren't up to teaching in a job because they are in a union. Second we need to make it so that starting salaries of teachers are 100% greater than what they are now. There is absolutely no reason that teachers are living below the poverty level in many places. These people are teaching our future. If they aren't able to make ends meet then something needs to be done to alleviate that. One way would be through pay. Third schools need to be thoroughly modernized. There should be a computer for every child. Not because they need toys but because we could cut costs by handing out E-Books instead of real books. The technology is there in TabletPCs now. They would have a tabletpc that would allow them to scribble notes on the book pages, take notes digitally, and in the end test with certainty of lower cheating. It would also give children the basics on computer operation that everyone needs. Fourth the whole book issue needs to be laid to rest. Standardize the texts. Using ebooks we could do this easily. If errors are found in the books then you could release point updates to the students via wireless connections in the classes as they become available, plus it would cut down on publishing costs tremendously in the long run. Fifth schools need to be broken up into specialty schools in many more cases. Test the students and find out what their accuments are. If they are strong in science and math fast track them with more difficult studies in those areas, send them to schools that teach that. If a student is strong in Literary arts and Liberal arts (like art and music) weed them out and send them to special schools to cultivate that talent. We need to start playing off of the talents of our young people and start to realize that we can't possibly teach everything to everyone and instead focus on producing better students through specialization. Sixth and finally we need to revamp the entire State College System. Everyone goes through a state test that ranks them by states. Ultimately they can be ranked nationally. If a student has a high enough score to enter a State School then the tuition is automatically provided in total with the expectation that they keep a certain GPA. If you want to go to a private school then the government will pony up the number that it would cost for tuition normally and the student and parents can make up the difference. A note to this though, state school would have to provide education for anyone who wants in. If you are below the minimum ranking then you pay on a sliding scale as to how much the tuition would be. So say if you were one slot down from being accepted (one point) then you would pick up a percentage based on how close your score is to the minimum for full tuition coverage. This would allow anyone who wants to go to school go, but would make the less well adapted pay for some of it. There would be acceptions to the rule for handicapped students that may have disabilities that prevent them from making normal scores. These things need to be done to fix the system. This will cost a lot of money for sure. However seeing that we spend so much on the Military budget I am sure we can find some ways to reduce it or simply cover the extra cost on a federal level. Education is the key to higher paying jobs, higher paying jobs create higher tax bases from which to tax.  The military needs to be fixed. We must have a strong military, but that doesn't mean that it should cost as much as it does currently for the level of protection they give us. We could spend more on technology now and in the future the military would be more of a scalpel than a sword and precision strikes would be far more effective than a huge military force. The threats have changed. No longer do we have any vast armies to go against (with the exception of North Korea, China, and Israel). Fighting a large scale battle of old is a waste anymore because we can do more with less and be more precise through technology.   Another thing that is desperately needed is some great public works projects. There are several that come to mind here.  First we have a drought in most of the country. However we are surrounded by seas. The government could conceivably build huge desalinization plants and pipe water wherever it is needed through existing infrastructure (the oil and gas line currently in use...I'll get to those in a minute). With these huge plants not only would we need huge projects to construct them (thus creating short term labor jobs as well as engineering jobs) but they would just simply be good for the country. No longer would we have droughts that threaten our existance.  Second there is a plan to build a massive world highway with a bridge across the Bering Straite. Now this project alone would cost about 100 Billion dollars to do. Considering that we have spent about 85 billion for a war and will continue spending billions in Iraq we can afford this project over several years. This project would literaly create so many jobs that we would not be able to fill all of them from existing labor pools. The needs for this project would encompass almost every industry. If you madated that at minimum 50% of the material be bought from american companies you would see an overnight turnaround in the steel industry and construction industry. We can't spend it all here because we can't meet the demand for material internally. Plus this would be a boon to the world economy which we depend on to be strong so we can flourish. This project would be huge and really what better way could the goverment help out the economy other than start a huge public works project like this.  Third the government needs to spend massively on alternative energy sources like nuclear, hydrogen, solar, wind, and geo-thermal. For the hydrogen market to actually come into existance would require a mandate from the government and massive investment from them as well. The estimated costs to overhaul the infrastructure to create enough hydrogen have been projected in the 10's of billions, but no private company will go out on a limb and spend that kind of moola on something that hasn't even been standardized. If we could move to hydrogen for vehicles and small power facilities we could elliminate the need for the massive oil pipelines that are currently used for moving gas around the coutry freeing them up for one of the precursers to hydrogen fuel, water distribution from the massive desalinization plants. By the time the plants would come online and ready to flow water we could have most of the parts in place for hydrogen powered vehicles. That would also need to be done, massive breaks and subsidies on hydrogen vehicles for the first four years so that people could afford to move to them. Have kind of like the Beetle of the hydrogen cars to get people started. Nuclear needs to have the stigma taken away from it. It is safe, clean, and affordable if done in the French or British model for nuclear.  Fourth we need a massive restructuring of the mass transit systems. This would help with hydrogen powered vehicles because you can mandate that they be hydrogen powered. This would jump start that whole deal. We need a national light rail system for passengers that works, bullet trains, Maglev systems, whatever to get things in order.   These are a few of my ideas...lemme know what you think. I will continue this tomorrow evening with my ideas because I have a lot of them.