         To make a clarification to some people out there who think I am a bleeding heart liberal...I have this to say. I am a registered Republican...yes folks I am. I just don't think that the Republican party has moved in the correct way. I believe that is has moved so far right to accomodate a small fraction of people and then the rest of Republican (or many of them at least) have followed blindly into the valley without questioning what is right.   Democrats are no better in many senses...they have many of the same problems and have moved away from their ideas.   Here is a simple list of things to clarify my ideals. Gun Control:  I believe in smart gun control. Yes we should have checks, but no we don't need databases. We need to enforce the laws that are already in place. I believe that any non-violent American should be able to own a weapon. Even Felons...as long as they haven't been violent.  Abortion: I believe that it is up to the woman to do what she wants. I am not a woman and I would never want to impose my morals or views on one (they are already pissed enough). It doesn't mean that I think that abortion is right or wrong, it means that no law should be put into place that usurps the womans right to choose.  Military: I believe we need a strong military, but a smarter one at that. It should not cost us this much per year for a military and not be able to send them into war without costing more. Their budget is over 400 billion...yet they need more to go to war. Why?  Education: It should be free and effective. Anyone that displays the talent and the willingness to be a good student should have their way paid for them all the way through college. Schools should be more efficiant...but I think they need a lot more money from the government. The education system gets somewhere around 40 billion from the government (including colleges)...that certainly isn't enough.  Health Care: Universal all the way baby. No American should have to worry about a hospital bill. Healthy citizens cost less than unhealthy ones. The way to promote health is to take the dollar factor out of it. If it doesn't cost anyone anything then people will go to the doctors and take their meds. Everything should be covered including Plastic Surgery for those who need it (like burn victims and such). Now even Doctors are believing it would be the more economical way to go...7000 of them have banded together to promote the idea here in the States. We are the only first world nation that doesn't have Universal Coverage.  Environment: A strong healthy environment leads to a strong healthy economy. Our economy needs the environment. Without it no one lives and business dies. Strengthen the EPA and other agencies giving them enough teeth to even shut down companies that are killing the planet. Energy conservation and alternative energy resources need to become center stage in the environmental issue. We should be the leader in the world not the laughing stock.  Any others that I forgot. Email me from the bar on the right there and ask...I will answer.