         Ok so New York, part of Ohio, Detroit, parts of Canada all are having a power outage.  In New York City we have yet again seen the best of humanity and Americans...and I don't say that litely. We are seeing it because people are banding together and acting calmy and rationaly. However I don't think that calm will make its way to Washington. I think that Washington and the Bush Administration will have a knee jerk reaction and end up causing more problems then it even comes close to solving.  Tonight on Larry King Live California Governer Gray Davis, Hilary Clinton, and some other people plus one Bush energy special interest lacky were on. Davis and Clinton both made great points. That the Bush administration has consistantly thrown up roadblocks to progress on the road to making our utilities better. One of the things that the administration would like to see is national deregulation of the Electric Grid. We saw that in California when this act happens that energy companies and traders come in and make shortages to boost profits and generally make things worse for consumers. California is looking into a lawsuit agains Enron because it seems that it created an artificial shortage so it could boost prices and make money.  Now both Clinton and Davis said that the key is a truely balanced energy plan that doesn't nesecarily include tapping new resource but instead focuses on conservation and alternative energy sources like wind, solar, and other types of energy. Of coarse the administration doesn't want that because it would mean that their friends in Big Oil and Big Coal and Big Gas would all see their types of energy start to fall by the wayside causing the prices to drop.  The Bush lackey was saying that what is needed is more energy plants (which he is half correct) and that energy companies need to be able to tap additional resources and that deregulation would help out. Well most Americans know that big business is not in the business of making life better or cheaper for Americans...instead most big business is in the business of making money. The Bush White House is hand in hand with them all.  This is why we need them out. Electing someone outside of the Energy Loop would be a relief. We may see from that person a renewed interest and government money for energy sources like Hydrogen.   On another note did anyone see 60 Minutes 2 the other night? They had a piece on GM and their efforts in Hydrogen Powered vehicles. Some environmentalists critisize them saying that GM is just doing a little dog and pony show to placate us all. I think that if GM wanted to Placate us all they could do it for a lot less money as they have spent billions in research on Hydrogen power. No company spends that much (especially GM) without a plan to make it back from the research. The reason they are spending the money on it all is because when they get all the pieces together they stand to make Trillions off the technology...as do other companies.  Also here is an interesting story of sorts...our military may cause another Nuclear Arms race with some new fangled Gamma Bombs. Read the story  here.   We are in a scary time. I just hope that calmer heads will prevail and we will make it out alive.