         I'm sorry that I haven't responded to emails recently sent to me. I have been pretty busy and my brain is mulling over many things right now...I promise I will respond.  Yes folks I have a full blown lung infection with all the trappings...however I don't have a Doctors appointment for another two weeks...originally I thought I had one this week but apparently I didn't have one this month at all...sometimes I am retarded about appointments...I can never remember them and apparantly my PDA doesn't remember them either...hmmm my PDA...I thought it was supposed to help me be organized.  I got out a bit today. I had a lesson with a student. He had really good questions and they have caused my brain to actually have to process information. I mean these are questions I have never been asked before so I have to actually learn how to answer them...oh joy I get to learn something new.   I posted a couple of things on Ebay...and I have bunches more to put up...I may get some more pics taken tomorrow and get some more stuff up.  Lately I have been doing a lot of online reading...like the post below about the current state of the economy, taxes, and the federal reserve system. It would seem that the whole system is a fraud as it is supposed to be owned by the people of the US...however the federal reserve is actually a corporation that is not owned by the government...it is a federation of banks that are owned by many companies. They buy currency from the government at about 2 cents on the bill or something like that and turn around and loan it to the government at face value...the value of the currency is supposed to be backed by precious metals and by the loans that it makes to the government...however there isn't enough precious metal to actually cover the currency in circulation and in addition the loans that the government has taken out over the years could never actually be paid back to the system. They could recall all currency in circulation and not actually be able to pay off the loans.  Also it seems that the government has been bankrupt since the 40's or so...and that since then the government has been actually operating under bankruptcy laws of some sort or another. All of it is really interesting.  While I cannot vouch for the validity of this site...it does raise interesting questions that may need to be looked into.  Check it!   It is all very interesting that we the people may not actually own the currency we have and that we may never actually be out of debt. It also raises the question why would the congress try to give away control over currency that is strictly forbidden by the Constitution. Strange indeed...  I am in no doubt that the entire system will colapse. It may not happen anytime soon but it eventually will and our way of life, our nation will fall by the wayside at some point. It is the natural life cycle of things. All great empires or nations go through a period of time where they are at the top then fall or are revamped (after all Brittian while still a monarchy has actually become quite democratic and the monarchy is more of a figurehead then anything). I just hope that when we fall it isn't at the hands of foreigners....I hope that we can rebuild our system internally that ends up being stronger and better than before based off of the very documents that were written over two hundred years ago...of course with some changes...but the basic framework can work if protected and executed faithfully.  Me...