         We did a lot of pricing today...and still there is a long way to go.  Got through a few things. We now have an account over at eBay...so that is good. Now I just need to get a few things posted.  This week I have a lot of things going on. First I have a computer that a bud of mine is wanting to build. I revised the plans to save a few bucks and now I need to get a hold of his ass so he can see the lower price yet still kick ass computer setup we are looking at. (Saved around 600 bucks I think...he wants an Uber Box).  Second I have a job on Tuesday. A student of mine has requested that I come out because he has some questions about some things. That is at 1PM. As far as I know I can work. I really don't know what to tell my guy as I don't know how long I will be. I might be there and hour, but with this guy in the past it has drug on to maybe two or more.  Third I think I have a Doctor appointment this week on Wednesday. If things are as rotten as I suspect (and how I feel) then I will most likely get a short vacation from the ankle bracelet (I can't have it on when in the hospital...hehehe). So that is coming up.  Fourth I also need to talk to my jailor because before all this crap was going on I was volunteering my time at the local library teaching a computer class at the rate of one or two classes a month depending on demand. Once I started getting sick I had to stop it. Now that I have got a pattern down for this crap I can make a night a month to teach I am sure. I think I may be able to get that through.  Also I got a tentative job offer. While it isn't in my field...and isn't something I really have this huge interest in...a family friend needs help maybe two days out of the week, and I need to be able to get out of the house and make a few dollars without blowing my Government Benefits. So this may be a way to do that. It would be running a kiosk in a mall. So hey...that might just be kewlio.  Well I am tired (as I slept only about an hour last night before I woke up and tossed and turned trying to get back to sleep)...so I think I will forgo the normal routine and just get to sleep.  Peace all!