         Again I must say RealVNC kicks ass...  Wow...today I was laying on the couch and realized how sick I am...and that sucks. I have to make it through another week and a half then I will be in the hospital...guaranteed...that will be a nice vaction.  There is no doubt about me going in...and I am not blowing the horns for nothing...I can barely breath...but I can't go in just yet as I have to build a computer at the end of the week for my friend and plus I don't have an appointment until the 27th...  Oh the joys of lung disease...  Eesh...  Ann Richards (former Dem. Gov. of Texas before Bush) was on Larry King live a few days back and they ran her interview a couple of times this weekend. While I never really liked her she made some great points...and after having seen her interview I gained new respect for her because she was very outspoken and well spoken about Bush and his policies inside of Texas...she also gave a psuedo endorsment to Dean which was cool.    Dean for Pres!   And Brian...did you get mom's message...she is coming around to Dean...finally! She especially liked his views and ideas about health care and insurance. I think she may just vote for him...and for those who don't know my mom...she is a staunch republican and has done a lot of defending up until I started opening her eyes to his policies and what he has done to hurt america (bush)...now she is coming around especially after I told her this next thing.   Abuse of power   Cnet write up on it   This websites author and proprietor was convicted of a Federal Felony for providing what would be construed as sketchy instructions for making a molitove coctail. Now this information is widely available around the internet and much worse information is available elsewhere. What makes this different is the political intervention to convict him. He was convicted of some obscure federal law that basically says that if you hand out instructions on how to make bombs and such with the explicit intention that followers follow through and make and use them you are breaking the law.  Nowhere on his site have I read that people should go out and violently take over the government or use weapons to wage war against it. However he was charged under this law.   What is really interesting is this. Under the USA Patriot Act he was eligible for a 20 year increase in sentence because of certain domestic terrorist wording contained within it. The Federal Prosecutor made this very clear and thus forced him into making a deal instead of going to trial because he was facing a 20 year sentence if convicted. The twist is they initially offered him 4 months or something like that if he would just plead guilty. Sounds strange.   What got me was Ashcroft put out a memo to keep track of Federal Judges who go under the recomended sentencing guidelines with things like co-operation and such. He wants to put together a list of Judges who will give the maximum all the time so that Prosecutors can use those courts instead of more liberal or level headed courts. Also this list would be used to figure out who would be advanced based on who gives out the hardest sentences.   Now what he was doing was excercising his First Amendment Right in saying that people should protest the government...there is no doubt about that yet he still got a year in prison (the judge called him a threat to security) for essentially exercising the right. Kind of scary if you think about it. Hopefully someone in the ACLU will take notice and take the case to get him out and have his record expunged plus give him reimbursment for his rights being denied.   The site isn't friendly. The site may not be right in what it preaches...but regardless the idea of free speech and the right to it is absolute and should never be taken away...regardless of how disgusting or disturbing it may be.   I watched a show on Nazi's in America and they had a similar thing happening in a little town outside of Chicago. A Nazi party wanted to have a rally and a march down to the courthouse of this little town (which had at the time the largest per capita Jewish Community in the US). The town banned it and then tried to regulate what kind of rallies could be held. The organiser took the town to court and eventually it came before the Supreme Court and they upheld the Parties right to congregate and have the march saying it was protected under the First Amendment. The case was even fought by the ACLU and a Jewish Lawyer who basically said that he may not agree with them, he may think that it is hate speech, but regardless no one should be able to trample their right to say what they want to say...even if he didn't agree with it.   Free speech protects all speech...it is there to protect the ugly side of humanity. It allows them to be able to voice their opinions regardless of what others think and allows them to be able to put it out there into the public...because that is what our country is founded on. Being able to say what we want when we want about whom we want as long as it isn't libelous or slanderous...and that even protects Charicatures of people (as seen in Flint v. That hate spewing preacher).  Something that might be taken into thought is this (mind you I hate no group of people based on Race, Religion, or Orientation because I hate everyone) but the Nazi's had one thing almost right (it wasn't at the time but it is true now). The Jewish community controls governments throughout the world through its control of the Banking system. While I don't believe openly that it is a Jewish conspiracy...it is still a fact that most of the major money in the world through banks is controlled by Jewish businessman. They don't openly bring their political views into the the business of banking, but I bet if the Palistinian Authority (which is the ritefull Palistinian governing body) went to get any substantial loans from the World Bank to help them set up a viable government they wouldn't get the loans. Think about it...fire back at me if you think differently.  One thing I do believe in...the US Government most certainly protects Jewish interests in the Middle East at the cost of Billions to the US taxpayer and by doing so also puts us in greater danger than any other arrangement we have made with governments around the world. With our protection Israel has become the 6th largest Nuclear State secretely...and single handedly caused the Middle East Arms race that was taken on by Iraq and Iran. In addition to being protected and unacknowledged the nation of Israel has also commited horrible environmental damage because of this program and have kept the one person who spoke out against it jail for 18 years (Venunu...look him up...what happened to him is a crime).   Now I put my soapbox away...and with that I will leave you with a final thought that has been expressed by Jewish people in Israel...it is not Anti-Semetic to speak out against the Israeli government and its policies, instead it is the attempt to bring them into the world community and hold them as accountable for their actions as the World Jewish population wanted the Nazi party leaders to be held accountable after WW2.