         Another year has passed since that fateful day in 2001. Another year of events has come and gone. Another year of fear and agony. Another year of lies and deciet.  I morn for those who lost loved ones. I cry for the children who lost fathers and mothers. I ache for the pain that we have enflicted on the world around us.   The people that died, and have died since 9-11-2001 are all heroes in my eyes. Many have paid with their lives for the intolerance of but a few on both sides of the fence. It is not the people in power who have anything to worry about as we have seen.   Bush, Cheney, Blair, Ashcroft, Rumsfeld, bin Laden, and Hussein are all still alive and well, yet they are the architects of the new world we live in. A world of fear and hate towards each other that has boiled into war that has only hurt the poor, hungry, and those less fortunate than others.  Out of this hate will come a new world, and with a little luck that new world will be better. I don't hold much hope for that because out of every great tragedy throughout history there have been those that have hoped for our world to be better, and their hope is lost.  The only thing that I can ask out of this period of time is that maybe, just maybe the little people will end up coming out on top.  There are many questions surrounding what went on and what is going on now. Should we be in Iraq? Have we been lied to? Who is benefiting from all this bloodletting? Could it all have been prevented? The answers aren't all that simple, but one thing is to be sure. We won't know for many years what we have reaped through our policy now.  Inform yourselves, ask questions, question everything, expect our leaders to live up to promises, expect our leaders to lead us, lead ourselves, set policy, become understanding.  In all we all need to sit back and take a breather then come back to the table and start to ration things out. In the end the mistakes of today will be reaped by our children and our grandchildren so if we are to make the mistakes at least let them be made out of the idea that we are trying to do the best thing.  Some readers out there may be pro-war, some anti-war. Either way it doesn't matter to me because you can't change my mind, but I will never discourage you from voicing your view and opinion as I would expect you would do the same for me.   We could all use a lesson in tolerance, because without that we are lost.   Unanswered Questions   GNN   Infowars   Al Jazeera   BBC New   CNN   These are links to different places around the net. I have included one conspiracy theory site, two outside or alternative news sites, one site for their side, one neutral site (BBC News has become one of the most balanced news organizations in the world), and one site that is firmly American (although maybe a little to the left sometimes).  Visit them all and take in the sights and sounds. Each gives you information. Draw your own conclusions from the information provided. Once you have then at least they will be informed unlike so many others out there.  Remeber to practice tolerance and moderation. Love your fellow human as your religion may dictate, and if you aren't religious then respect your fellow human as you would want to be respected.  I'll leave it with this much over used by drugged out Raver's Motto.  P.L.U.R. (Peace, Love, Unity, Respect)