         Last night I had the most detailed dream I think that I have ever had and it scared the piss out of me. Basically I was an experiment or am turned into a living experiment which goes in conjunction with other dreams that I have had over the past six months or so.   In this strange dream I had sex with this girl and then it was found out that I carry a strain of a very lethal new type of disease that had been bread in me through all of the hospital stays that I have had over the past years. It is a competely new strain of disease that seems to have no cure outside of the fact that I am still living despite it wiping out major amounts of population. I get blamed for infecting all these people and the government is after me because of it, but the kicker is that I was used as a breeding ground for the disease by the government for a new Bio-Weapon that they don't want people to know about. Something that if people knew the existance of then anarchy and overthrow of the government would happen.   You could say that I was the Nexus of the disease...but not that I was the only one, many other CF patients are also infected with the similar agents in the attempt to create a new superbug type thing that could be used.   The name of the bug is E. Plura, E. Pulma, or E. Pulmo or something like that. It is basically a nasty bug that acts in a similar way to HIV/AIDS as it can be spread sexually or even through the air when the bug is active and not dormant. The difference about the bug is that its effects are fast acting and people just stop dropping dead all over the place with no real explanation as to what it is. The CDC is brought in but can't figure it out and they are scrambling for answers, but they are not really looking for a cure or treatment but to get me and a few others that were infected and seemingly show no signs of illness. At first they think it is a new strain of especially viralant HIV/AIDS because it kills in a similar manor by attacking the immune system then giving them a severe lung infection that breaks down the lungs eventually leading to death. The mortality rate of the new superbug is in the high 90% range.  The government is chasing after me after having identified me as one of the nexus to the new disease, while most of my friends are captured I am able to ellude them through shrewd cunningness on my part and link up with a group of scientists that are trying to figure out what is going on.   At one point I am in what could be considered a bubble shack that keeps me isolated from the people looking to stop it and I start coughing up this mess that is just disgusting and bloody...but not like anything that I have ever seen come out of my body. I play an integral role in figuring out what it is and how to stop it and I along with the scientists that I am working with are working to stop it but the government has other ideas.   They have the city cordoned off so that people can't get in or out and have it locked down pretty tight with the military. Instead of trying to stop it they decide to expand the experiment and start spraying the raw bio-weapon into the air telling people that it is an agent that will help kill off the bug. We go through some adventures to stop that and really piss them off. The government really wants to get a hold of me and get me back into a lab to culture and bring this back under wraps.  I along with others are able to get the information of the new bug out to the world so they can get into gear to stop it. Meanwhile the government is blaming terrorists for the new bug even though they created it. To keep us quiet about what we know they go to all lengths to kill us off or capture me as I am not seemingly sick from it...just a super carrier of the bug.   Now this dream I think stems from the idea that I was thinking about the other day in the hospital and pondering while I was there. It has to do with the fact that CF patients are breeding grounds for very nasty and resiliant little bugs. Over time with out lung infections and the responding coarses of anti-biotics have indeed made newer more robust versions of bugs that are becoming harder and harder to treat. Basically we are living bio-weapons labs in the sense that we bread these bugs as a side effect of treating ourselves with modern drugs. I know for a fact that my little bugs have become resistant to all but a few drugs left out there and with the current rate of reocurring infections pretty soon they will be out of drugs to treat me with that would be effective. We would make for a good ground to try out new drugs and also breed resistant strain of psuedomonis strains simply because even though we get treated with all the latest and greatest drugs you simply can't kill all of them when you treat for a lung infection. So the survivors in the lungs become stronger and mutate over several times of treatment quickly becoming resistant to the drugs used to originally treat them with.   This isn't so far fetched an idea. We could be being used to breed new dangerous strains of bugs that could very well be weaponized and if ever used would wipe out massive amounts of population quickly especially in second and third world nations that don't have access to the latest and greatest of drugs. It makes me wonder what happens to the mucus that I am constantly giving to them to send off to test for resistance of the bugs. They have to isolate the bugs and then culture them, then try and kill them with anti-biotics. It is not so far fetched that you could develop a plan of resistance that would keep the patient relatively healthy for a period of time all the while using them us as living incubators (becuase ultimately you would need to be able to get it into humans to see the effects and we also make the process go faster...our bugs may mutake on the order of twice as fast as they can do it in the lab).   This scares me greatly because I don't want to be that at all. However I could most certainly see our government using already sick people who are chronically sick to test new things on and develop weapons out of us. Why not...it makes sense to me. It is a hell of a lot cheaper to incubate a live virus or bug in a living host and build it up to be ruthlessly efficient at making people deathly ill.  When I woke from my dream I was shaking and literally scared that this may be happening...and why not? Again we already know that America has a very active Bio-Weapons research program even though we claim to have none. It makes sense to keep the project under wraps because we signed treaties stating we wouldn't develop those weapons...but they can culture them in the medical field and call it a natural progression of disease without raising much suspicion.  It is sad that I have so little trust in the government. I think they know a lot more about things than we know and yet we pay for them to keep it hidden from us.  I have often thought what would happen if you got a group of about a thousand people to storm Area51 and other top secret we don't have these bases they don't exist places...if you had a large enough group with the balls to storm the compound in a peaceful manor they simply can't get rid of a thousand people without someone noticing. They just can't kill us all and make us disapear...so why not do it sometime and find out really what our tax dollars are developing.   Again I feel that we are being lied to on a much grander scale than we even can fathom.   So what does this mean all in all...yes folks I am a firm believer that we have been visited by something other than humans here on Earth. There is simply to much credible information out there to deny that something is going on. I believe we need the truth because if we are up against something much bigger and bad ass as ourselves don't you think it would be better to know so that the world could band together and be ready for whatever may come out way? I think so.  Lemme know what you think...  I am also going to write up the full story and maybe do some illustrations as to what I saw in the dream. It scared the piss out of me.  You heard it hear first folks. E. Plura, E. Pulma, or E. Pulmo...if those come out sometime I thought of them first...and all through a lousy dream. I tried to google the terms and came up with nothing of significance...if you find anything remotely resembling this email me and let me know...as always you can get me over on the side bar there under "Email Me" link.  I hope I am wrong...but the last time I had a dream that vivid and detailed the dream came true in many ways...that is why it scares me.