         One thing that I didn't tell all earlier is about my shipment of drugs that came from Chartwell.  As usual they kind of screwed things up. You see Chartwell loves to send out way to many supplies, but they never can seem to send the supplies I might need. Today they called to find out what supplies I needed and we went through a list and sure enough they didn't send the proper stuff, like dressing kits for my port. They also have the uncanning ability to screw up dosage orders and such as well. On my Benedryl order they have me taking 50mg IV push of the stuff...however I only need about 25mg to get by on. At the 50mg dose I probably would barely get it into me before I would go into a mild coma for an hour or so, or at least what I like to call the "fog of concentrated benedryl". I wouldn't even get to hooking myself up to the anti-biotic it is supposed to keep me from having a reaction too. So I am having to adjust dosages.   Well that is all. I finally posted the hospital blog. It is a little different format with the oldest post being first and the latest last...my bad. Oh well I am sure the people reading this are intelligent enough to figure it out seeing that I did happen to put a Date and Time stamp on the posts.  Peace.  Did I mention I am severely upset by the way things are going in our country and I am glad that at least if Bush isn't beaten in this upcoming election that people will most likely be awakened to the idea that he and his people (except Powell...he is still clean in my book. I don't believe that he believes the crap he is instructed and scripted to say) don't have what's best for the country in mind, only that which is best for them and their people. I just hope people wake up and see that he is pulling us down a path that will only lead to our ultimate untimely demise at the hands of the very people he claims he is fighting.   To fight terror with terror only begets terror. The Israeli's have written the book on that. If only the Government would read it.