         To get a full cold boot on my laptop takes forever...never noticed it till now. Well it is old and stuffed full of an oversized OS for its little Celeron 366 Processor so I guess I can't complain to much, at least it runs...sort of. Plus it has been off network for a few weeks so it is now searching for updates of coarse!   Here we go!  ---------------------------------------------------------------------  8.27.2003  11:45PM Well today I came into the hospital. I know that I won’t be able to update regularly for people out there if at all so I am going to go ahead and keep a blog of while I am in. It will be kind of a play by play as to what happens.  So today I got here around 5:30 or so in the evening. As usual when I get here things are initially unorganized. Just kind of getting things going is a little anticlimactic. When you think of hospitals you think that things get done boom boom boom…but not really. It takes a while for orders to come through and you have to be asked the same questions at least 10 times just in case someone missed it the first time around.   That is probably the most frustrating part of coming into the hospital or even seeing your doctor. They literally ask the same questions over and over. Six people see you and ask you the same battery of questions and you just think do these people ever talk to each other or write notes…or hell if someone does write a not do the rest of the doctors not bother to read the notes. I mean come on…I am patient about that with residents and interns and such but I still would think it would be nice if they read each others notes.   As for things getting going my port wasn’t accessed until later this evening. Fortunately it didn’t hurt so bad to get it accessed as it has in the past. However now it is just sitting here accessed but no meds are going in just yet. That brings me to the boom boom boom part. Well again it takes time to get all the orders through. So I am waiting until midnight until my first med will come up…looking up at the clock it reads 12:10AM and still no meds…doh!  So this is where I am at right now. I am just waiting for everything to get started. I guess it will all trickle to a full firehose of activity over the next 12 hours.   Of coarse I will be bored over the next few days or however long this will take so I will updating this thing over and over again so there will be one big entry when I get back home and then it will broken into the date and then times as to when it was wrote. That will at least keep my mind preoccupied, which will certainly be needed over the next few days.  Something that is kinda kewlio is that I am getting a break from the house and the oh so k-rad anklet so that is a bonus. I will also try and take a few pics while I am here. I brought the camera so I will snap some shots off as I see something that might be good to get shots of.  Peace out for the eve.  8.28.2003  6:47PM They finally got my medication to me at about 1:15AM so that is when I actually started the IVs. I had a lot of trouble getting to sleep last night I just kept tossing and turning and when I finally did get to sleep it certainly wasn’t good sleep because when I was woken up this morning for the normal ritual of taking temps and blood pressure I was running a fever of 101F. So needless to say I burned off a few brain cells last night. Also when they got me up it felt like someone had worked me over with a baseball bat and I was extremely uncomfortable.   All day today I have felt pretty bad overall. I have had a screaming headache and it just won’t go away. I have had on and off sweats and chills. My body still feels like someone is beating me up. My joints are just balls of pain and that sucks. When I was last in one of the drugs that I was on made my face, lips, and tongue numb, well it is happening again.   This is the bad thing about coming into the hospital because when I am at home things don’t really hurt that badly. When I actually get into the hospital parts just stop working and I end up on pretty bad pain and the doctors are reluctant to put me on anything for the pain because the meds I am on will put an even greater strain on my already overworked kidneys.   So I sit here feeling just disconnected and uncomfortable. I hope tonight that I can get some good rest because I am tired (even though I have slept throughout the day).  Till the next installment…woah!  8.29.2003  2:45PM  Last nights sleep was no better than the night before. It turns out that I am having a slight allergic reaction to the drugs I am on.  I am allergic to penicillin which sucks because all my little bugs are only responsive to penicillin and not so responsive to other drug bases (like sulfa drugs). So I am having an allergic reaction to the penicillin base in Zosyn which is causing me to have these hellacious fevers. This morning I woke up with a 102F fever…yeah brain stew is my gew that plants in the skull.  Also something of note is that my oxygen saturation seems to be falling off at night. When they wake me up in the morning they usually take my temp, blood pressure, and then O2 sats. Well yesterday I woke up with my O2 sat at around 88 and this morning it was around 87 or so. My lowest level yesterday was 84. Now these sats should normally be up around 98 or 99 or 100 for a healthy person and normally I run around 96, but now I am down to a norm of 94 or 93. It just sucks that I have to know all of this stuff.  One thing that being on oxygen is it only helps you feel a little better overall. See the problem is that you get the good stuff in of coarse because you have a great deal of it in your lungs so it can’t help but get into your body, however your body can’t get the bad stuff out of your blood fast enough. So while you add the good stuff you don’t necessarily get the bad stuff out fast enough. That knocks people all out of whack and that really I would guess could be a problem that would eventually affect the chemistry of your blood.   Overall though my stay so far has been pretty good and I have actually gotten a lot of rest so I am looking forward to a few more days of this. Plus you can’t complain when you are almost being waited on hand and foot…that is never a bad thing.  Oh well. I may update a little later.   3:25PM  ELMO TEACHES INVESTING!!! Ok ok…it isn’t bad enough that we already teach young children today to be consumer whores, but now some folks up at Wall Street are going to introduce a video featuring Elmo and talks about investing. Really it is aimed at helping parents to talk with their children about the value of investing. Will this video also cover why mommy and daddy don’t have a job right now? Will the video cover how Mr. Lay has untold millions while all the people who invested in what was pushed as a great investment are now broke with some being destitute as well? Oh oh…wait will the video cover what is acceptable business practices?   If only people could see that absurdity of it all. We are now hawking our children’s children future…our government has borrowed so much money and has such a large debt that we could never ever pay off the debt. However it is ok to tell little Billy to put his nickels in a piggy bank and when he has enough saved up he can go ahead and buy a share of Halliburton.   I am baffled by it all really.   8.31.2003  4:06PM  I am disappointed in myself because I didn’t write yesterday. Really I didn’t want to write today but I decided that I better just get on and write.   In my visit with Dr. Weinberg today I learned that indeed according to blood tests I am allergic to Penicillin and that really sucks. Why does is suck? Well my little bugs are all responsive to penicillin and not so responsive to other classes of drugs. So now Dr. Weinberg is waiting for my sputum cultures to come back so he can see what exactly he has left to treat me with. Ohhh boy I am looking forward to seeing that because last time I saw one of those reports it basically said that the bugs were only sensitive to combinations of penicillin drugs and not much else.   Today was kind of nice because I had this hot little number beating on me for my P.T. which was kewl…I really wanted to say you could beat me anytime…but I wasn’t really ready to be really beaten up. I imagine she would have a very large guy in her life that would easily beat me to within a mere smudge of my life. However she was really cute and I would have done some dirty dirrty things with her.   She did make one comment that I almost seized upon because it would have been pretty good. She said that her face was itchy and it was because of her allergies. I countered with what are you allergic too? She replied that her allergies really kick up in August. My reply was almost this…”its ok you can say your allergic to me. I have that effect on women.” Now that would have been sadly true. Women that I am even remotely attracted to I have this effect of driving them away as if I had a helmet on my head, drool running down my chin, a swastika carved in my forehead, and a knife in my hand screaming out “I love you, I love you!” Yeah it can be that bad sometimes. So you can imagine if you saw that you’d run. Fortunately I save that look for the weekends and I only go hunting in the middle of the week. So you can say that I am repellent to women in general. I always fall into that friend category…which isn’t so bad but it has the unfortunate position of being sexless.   I also have a cute little nurse’s aid…actually several, one who is my age maybe a little younger. She is cute but has made clear (even though I never made any kind of “I wanna hump you” vibes towards her…maybe I just come off desperate all the time) that she has a boyfriend. Hey that’s kewlio because while sure I wouldn’t kick ya out of bed for eating crackers I haven’t even invited ya into my bed yet, so slow down girly. The other aid is a little older than I am…but she is very attractive and I can tell she has something going on upstairs.   Speaking of nurses I have what may be, well I don’t know how to explain this guy really. Something isn’t right with him. He seems normal but I don’t think he is. He is slow or shy or scared. Jeesh he was just here doing his “checkup” very strange. Other nurses just are like check, check done…he draws it out like he is scared to do something wrong. I don’t really have any strange tubes coming out of me (well with the exception of my port in the chest) so he doesn’t need to make sure they attached or anything. I just don’t know. He must have had a nervous breakdown or something or maybe he is a special needs placement (hire the handicapped their fun to watch campaign).   Well my dinner is here way early. I am expecting a call from my dad. That was weird he came up to PA to visit his family in Greensburg and he gave me a call to see if I would run out to visit him, he didn’t know I was in the hospital. So he said he would call me today and try to get down here. Now I am not complaining or anything because hell I don’t really like people visiting me while I am this way (maybe that is why I am soo low maintenance with the staff here because even when I need something I don’t ask unless it is an emergency) but since he made the trip all the way from MS to visit his family do you think that he could swing by the hospital to see his son. I dunno but I guess I would if I were him. He drives back to MS tomorrow (he drove up yesterday so he has only Sunday in town)…I understand that he has only a little time up here but I would still like to see him. After all it has been over a year since I last saw him.  Also last night I puked again which wasn’t pretty. The stuff in my stomach had so much acid in it that it burned my tongue badly as it was coming out. As a result it burned my esophagus and my vocal chords a bit. So I am horse and have throat pain (which sucks ass). My mouth is burned and my teeth feel like I have run steel wool over them until they were raw. Very strange indeed. When my Russian attending Doc saw me this morning he was like “why you not tell last night and get somezing for that. You need tell us when you breaking so we can fix you with medicine.” I wanted to reply I am not a whiney assed little American pussy but I don’t know if that would have made him laugh or offended because he came here (and I presume has chosen our great nation as his home over wherever he is from). However that is what it is. The nurse twit that I had last night came in once to hook me up to my meds. She never came back until about 7AM this morning. So while I can take off my own IV hose hell it would have been nice for her to offer or even do it because after all it was her job. So she was never in to check on me or ask me how I was doing. I would have volunteered the info but I wasn’t going to call for her, for all I know someone else down the hall was doing much worse.   Well enough of this writing for now. My mom is on her way down and my food is here (early…way early). If I don’t eat it she will…hehehehe…  PLUR  11:45PM  Well I learned that Daniel is in. I met her officially last week at clinic and I have known about her for a while. So I went over to visit with her and see how she is doing and we had a conversation for about 20 minutes. It was nice to talk to someone else my age who also talks…that is certainly different. Plus I guess it is just different to talk to what is your equal. I have friends who I talk to but I don’t feel their equal or do I feel they are my equal in many ways, but tonight it was a little different because it was equal in most ways. It was almost like verbal diarrhea between the two of us and we kind of went over what each others boat is…it was nice that there is someone else that is there too, but it is also kinda depressing because she is 27, I am 26, yet we both have to live in this terrible situation that only a few people get to experience first hand and no one would ever want to be in our shoes. I would never wish this on anyone anyways.  I found out a lot about her. Of coarse there is still much more to learn but I can pretty much tell that we have pretty similar experiences when it comes to life. She is a little worse off than I am in some ways as she is bad enough to be on the transplant list (as for myself when it comes time for that I won’t be put on the list) but she isn’t allergic to penicillin. Six one way, a half dozen the other. I imagine that I will be on her health level soon as far as the lungs are concerned because we can’t use the big guns against the bugs right now...so I think I will be headed down that path soon.   So all in all it was nice to talk with someone else in the same type of boat that I am in…what type of boat is that? It is a boat that is quickly sinking that has run out of tar to plug holes with and is overcapacity. It’s only a matter of time…but will we make the time matter.  9.03.2003  2:34AM  The past few days have just seen me sleep a lot. That is all I have really done. I have been pretty boring.  Yesterday (or earlier today because I am still on yesterday as today) my cultures finally came back and Dr. Weinberg was able to see what my bugs are sensitive to. Well as he suspected they are pretty much only responsive to penicillin drugs. So he put me on Fortaz which on the bag it says that I am allergic to it although I don’t know if I am allergic to it or not. The nurse thinks that it is a penicillin based drug so if it is I will be getting hives sooner or later, if it isn’t then we may have found a drug they can use for the next few infections.   Also today I went down to get PFT’s done (pulmonary function test). I had a set done last week which helped bring me into the hospital. There are several important numbers in these tests but the most important ones are the overall capacity of the lung and the small airway clearance or capacity of the lung. Well when I came in my overall capacity was 50% and my small airways number was 6% of normal function. My numbers have increased to a whopping 51% and 12%. The small airways really is the important one because it indicates the amount of scarring in the lung as well as that is where the work is really done on getting O2 and CO2 in and out of the body. If you have dismal scores on the small airways then you are going to feel like crap. Well I feel like crap but I feel better than I did when I first came in. So the low score explains all the resulting problems of low blood oxygen, headaches, and other things.  Outside of that not much else happened over the past few days. I saw Daniel again and we are going to be sure to exchange email addresses so that we can keep in touch. It will be good to have someone to talk to about this crap.  I also informed my mom today that I wouldn’t seek out the transplant list when it comes time. I don’t think that I really want to go through all of that. Partially because I don’t want to endure the torture of waiting for something that I may not get, but also if I do get the lungs and heart that may be necessary then there is the possibility of my body rejecting them and it also doesn’t make me any less penicillin allergic. My mom was a little shocked and wonders why “I don’t want to live?” It isn’t so much that I don’t want to live, but more of a “I have already lived enough let someone else have a shot” kind of thing. Plus I am ready to move on whenever it is time. I don’t want to hasten that arrival but I won’t be mad when it gets here. If only we could all go quietly.  One thing that did come up today was the abortion doctor murderer in FL. is coming up for execution tomorrow. Today on CNN they had his “spiritual guide” dude on. Lemme tell you that the rhetoric that he was espousing was just as bad as any Taliban or Muslim Extremist out there. I pretty much decided that the spiritual advisor should be bumped off as well for good measure. Let him meet his maker so his maker can damn him to eternity for the hate that he espouses. I firmly believe that if you are one of those people in any religion that carries it twelve step beyond the edge than you are going to the place that you don’t want to go. You will most likely end up in your religions hell. By the time you have stepped into that extremist realm it is a good bet you have already thrown away most of the doctrines and have abandoned for all intents and purposes what your religion teaches and therefore have abandoned your god.  Well it is late and I am hungry. I am going to get a bite to eat and then hit the sack and sleep for another day or so…  Peace out.    9.4.2003  3:52PM  Well I did get on the internet the other night so I updated the site to let ya’ll know what is up. It was a short update I know but it is something at least. When I get home I will upload this entire blog so you can get an idea of what’s going on.  Well last night after having a few doses of Fortaz one of the drugs I am allergic too I finally started to see some allergic reaction. I turned pink and started to itch so they had to stop it. So today when Dr. Weinberg came in we came up with a semi game plan to go with. They will first dope me up with benedryl and then they will hit me with the anti-biotic and go from there. He basically said that they really couldn’t desensitize me because I am having to little of a reaction to the drugs. If it was that I was swelling up and loosing an airway then they could work with that…me just turning red, pink, or other colour and itchy they really can’t do much for that except treat the symptoms of that. So I will just have to deal. Benedryl kinda sucks because as soon as I am hit with it I sleep like a baby but without the rest part. Last night they hit me with 25mg of it and I was out in less than three minutes and they came back later to unhook me from the IV and I have no recollection of them coming in and doing that at all. So I go into a coma like vegetable state. So I guess I will just have to deal with that. Great…  Today I got sick, just puked out of nowhere and that sucked ass. They had to give me some stuff for my stomach and that made me feel a little better. This whole hospital thing really does blow. I am getting to the point were I am ready to be heading home even though when I am at home I am in another prison of sorts. At least at home I can sit in my room naked without the danger of someone barging in. Also it will be nice to be back to my fat internet pipe so that when I sit nekkid I can watch some goddess screaming out “faster, harder you big stud”.   Well I think that I am going to lay back down. One thing I am looking forward to is the debate tonight amongst the Democratic hopefuls on PBS. It will be an interesting thing to see for sure and I am hopeful that Dean will be able to pull even further ahead.  Peace.  9.5.2003  5:37PM  Well they started me back on the regiment of Fortaz and benadryl…oh joy! I spent most of last night passed out and slept a lot. It was kind of nice but at the same time it was really what I call fake sleep. I didn’t dream until early this morning so it wasn’t really restful sleep.   I was told today that I might get out this coming Monday if all goes well and I continue to improve. That would be great because I am really starting to jones for a fat internet pipe. Whenever I get a new laptop I plan on getting it with a an 802.11G card so that I can have wireless internet and I think that I will also look into getting a cell phone internet card from someone like Sprint or something and maybe tie the bill onto my Cell phone plan. I just need some internet access anywhere I go cause I am such a geek and need to get my fix every few hours…I guess I am truly addicted to the internet. I just had a thought…I wonder if Pocket PC devices can share their internet connections? Hmmm…because if the can then I could possibly get this one phone that is really phat (pretty hot and tempting). It is a combination phone for Sprint Network. It has a phone, and small keyboard, and is a pocket pc device all in one, and it is a Vision phone so it links into the unlimited Sprint PCS vision plans that are out there. Now you can dock pocket pc devices up to your computer to trade information back and forth and the computer and the pocket pc see each other pretty equally. Now since this pocket pc device is connected to the internet I wonder if it will let you share the internet connection with the laptop or computer that you link it too. The reason I ponder this is because the device itself is pretty expensive but it would be cheaper to have it than it would be to get a separate PC card and plan for a laptop over a years time. So if it can share its internet connection seamlessly than that would be the way to go…plus the phone is just k-rad!  Unfortunately PBS here in Pittsburgh didn’t air the democratic debate and I am pretty pissed about that because I wanted to hear it all instead of just sound bites here and there. Hopefully they will play it soon because I am interested in seeing it all. If they don’t then I will just have to hunt for the next debate.   Well I am going to wrap up this edition of my blog with this thought or opinion.  When watching Crossfire the other night on CNN the question is being raised should we have the UN help us in Iraq. Should we go to them to get support, troop, and money. Well here is my take on it. We went against the wishes of the world by invading Iraq. Instead we had a president come on tv and spout some catchy phrases and drum up just enough support here in the states. So here I go with my own catchy phrase using plain language that GW uses as he is such a great linguist…”Ya bombed it, Ya bought it”. We shouldn’t be crying now that we can’t afford it. The administration should have taken that into account a long time ago before they even really started kicking around invasion plans. Once they figured out a number or even tentative numbers they should have come to the American people with them saying it is going to cost X number of hundred billion dollars, which is what the CAO (Congressional Acounting Office) came up with a whopping 300 Billion dollars at the low end of the spectrum to rebuild them. That really doesn’t even take into account how much it is costing for the military portion which if you look at how the dollars have fallen so far the ratio of military to reconstructing costs so far has been about 6 or 7 to 1. While this ratio will most certainly fall over time it will still cost us a lot of money to keep our troops deployed for the five years that it is estimated it will take to rebuild and get Iraq back up to steam. Now here is the important part of this argument…who gets the money? Well we know that Halliburton will get a large chunk of that over time as they have an already large contract with the military, but the real robbery has yet to come. Many companies will of coarse get in on the action. Already many companies have announced that they have contracts for parts of the rebuilding, while many dollars will flow into companies not many of those dollars will flow to the end worker. As we have seen the economic recovery that everyone is talking about still has yet to really become real, we are still seeing people loosing jobs, but at the same time companies are making record profits. So those companies getting the contracts and the people at the top are getting rich but the common person is seeing less and less out of the money being spent however it is their dollar that is being spent to build Iraq back. It comes down to this all of the work has to be done in Iraq so it will employ mainly Iraqis not Americans. So Mr. Bush thanks for the big mess, and thanks for lining the pockets of the corporate crooks that you so prominently promised to clean up and send away, also thanks for this economy in which the rich get richer and the poor…well fuck the poor the rich man doesn’t see them behind his large fences.   I can’t wait for Bush to be unemployed. It will be a great day when we finally get him and his crooks out of office.  Peace  -------------------------------------------------------------------  There it is folks...enjoy.