         Today I actually got a decent amount of things done...  First was the big bang of the day. I went to the doctor to see how I am doing...and as expected and told in the numbers I am getting better but I am not completely healthy yet. The way I described it to the doc he was amazed to see it in the numbers. So it was an eye-opener for him that I don't really complain that much and when I say I am sick or well that they should listen even more closely because my description was dead on.  One good thing came out of the appointment. I have gained an amazing six pounds...so now I am back to around 121-122 pounds...I need to gain more thought, but it is a start.  I got my oil changed today in my poor car...it was way overdue in both miles and time. That was good and while I was there I met some pretty and nice female...unfortunately she is currently in a relationship or I would have humped her right then and there...she was cute. Interesting thing is she is a MRI tech at the hospital I go to often.  While I was there at Wal-Mart I was able to get the tools I need to mod my box. That is certainly kewlio...then I had to go to a hardware store to pick up the correct screws so I could mount the mods. All the equipment came to about 35 bucks...not to bad plus I have the drill bits for another project that my grandmother wants me to do...she wants to have some plexi cut and put into a China Cabinet to keep the dust from accumulating on the china pieces...so I will be able to do that now.  I also went to get my prescriptions filled. If I would have had to pay for my meds they would have easily added up to over a grand. Speaking of health care costs I got my bill for my recent hospital stay. It was over 60,000 dollars! With about 30,000 grand going into medication! Fortunately for me my various state and federal insurance packages cover the entire bill...thank you to all the taxpayers out there. Because of your sacrifices in tax money you are keeping me alive with your money. Thank you a lot!  Well I don't know what else there is to tell. Tomorrow I will start my mod project...hopefully I will have pics of it if I can complete it tomorrow...  Till then....PLUR