         Today I slept in late...when I got up I worked on Jesse's computer a little more. Got it a hell of a lot more tweaked out now. It is still registering some stuff that isn't right...but I guess that is what you get when you tweak the hell out of it.  The video card doesn't recognize as the right model...but it is recognized by games and benchmarks correctly so it really isn't a problem. It runs fast as ballz too so that is a plus. I found out the the FX5600 cards are actually slower than the card series they were ment to replace...so I tweaked it out with a custom BIOS and now it runs faster and harder than before...so I made up the speed difference in tweaks. Downside it doesn't recognize as the correct card to Windows XP...a little odd but hey all the features of the card do work as far as I have seen. Also the processor is still registering as something else...but hey it is running at stock speed like it should. I was hoping that I could overclock it like I was able to with my chip...but the chip we got is really finnicky and just causes errors anytime you bump even a little over the rated speed...but again it runs properly so as long as it does what it is supposed to do I don't have a problem with it.  When I first set it up Windows Setup wasn't able to recognize the full 200gig drive and would allow me to only partition out 136gigs of it...but if you plug the drives into a system that is already running and format them from within Windows it recognizes the entire drive and lets you format it without having to split them into partitions...so that is what I did...I basically merged the partitions and now he has two big ass drives instead of a 136gig, 64gig, and 200gig drive...they now both show as 200gig single partition drives instead of one being split into two partitions...so that was kewlio.  Now all that is left is for me to match the faceplate up with color of the system...I may change the faceplate altogether to get a better look...but that will have to wait until I take a look at it tomorrow...after I get back from the hospital (I have an appointment).  Well not a lot happened outside of that...I am planning to mod my box and add windows to it...I got some plexy and now all I have to do is get a couple of cutters, some torx screws (to match how the faceplate is connected), then cut out the windows and tap a few screw holes for the plexi...I am doing it commando style...forget about laying the window into the metal...I am going to lay it over the top of the hole and secure it down with torx screws...plus with the limited space on the inside of the box actually trying to lay the plastic inside (or inlayed with the metal in the traditional method) it just wont work...I also have an idea of adding a LED lights to light the inside of the case...and perhaps lay an LED into the plexi to make it light at the edges...I would work with of coarse blue and red LEDs. I can't get a cold cathode tube into it (again size is a factor) so I will guerilla style it...also I would add additional cooling holes because my little box is tweaked close to the max so it gets warm (I may add another fan somewhere inside it...depending on what happens). I have a few ideas floating in my head that may get tried out...inluding some wirewrap to tie up a few loose wires.  Well I am fairly tired and I need some sleep. Peace...