         I wish that I were healthier...because I would join the military in a heartbeat.  You hear me talk a lot that this war isn't just and that we shouldn't be there...and I firmly believe that with my whole heart. However that does not relieve me of the great pride that I feel for our troops and the great sorrow that I feel for them as it seems that they will be over there for a long time.   I am one of those people that is not affected easily. Meaning things can happen around me, bad things and I don't mind. Seeing terrible things does not bother me nor would it as far as I have been led to believe with my extremely warped mind. I have killed animals (hunting and poaching dogs and cats that were eating our livestock in truely brutal ways yet never felt even the slightest bit of pain or remourse....) I am one of that rare breed that comes along that would see it as my duty, whether right or wrong, to serve my country even if the actions aren't just....as long as I was not serving in a capacity that would bring me into conflict with US Citizens...as the US Military Forces are never to be used against the public in any way...which is why Waco pisses me off as well as Ruby Ridge...not in a mad wanna bomb something way...but in the way "why did the officers accept the orders to deploy against US citizens even if they were breaking the law"...that is what I am pissed about...law enforcement should have handled it. Not the military.  But that brings me back to my main point. If I could I would serve as a front line troop now. I would sign up. Learn the language (at least functionally enough to get by) and go and show the Iraqi people that there are decent folks here in the US that think it is wrong...but at the same time treat them with respect...we are hearing more and more stories come out that individual units are turning over control to Iraqi's even though it is against the edicts handed down...but these commanders and troops are taking the point and making things better...in a humane way...instead of the Bush policy of degradation of the people and steal their resourses....  I would love to be there. I would love to be part of history...I would love to be with some of the best Americans that we have. They put their asses on the line for us whether we like it or not. Even if the action they are in is just or isn't...they are still out there with their balls on the line...and for that they deserve the ultimate respect...and the best way that we can show our respect is to do this....  Bring our sons and daughters, sisters, brothers, mothers, and fathers home...now!   More Troops will be needed regardless of what Cheney and Bush think.