         Today I got to see the Democratic nominees debate...well I wasn't so impressed with it all. Maybe I wanted something more. I think it is because of the full ticket that they have that none can really get a word in edge wise...that is probably why I wasn't so impressed.  I will say that out of all the candidates there the most charasmatic was by far Al Sharpton...whom I despise utterly. First he should be running on the "Snowballs Chance in Hell" ticket...but he does bring something that is seriously lacking in all aspects of public service. Character...plain simple character. I love when I see real people...not some stuffed suit. I want someone who is at least from the human species as my leader.  Lieberman is just a lost cause. He needs to go ahead and drop out now and just endorse someone else. He really is just there as stage filler it looks like. It is really sad that a man can be that boring. Just listening to him made me want to go put on some Nirvana and kill myself.  Kerry is scary looking. I think it is because his head looks like a rectangle...did they torture him in Vietnam by sqeezing his head into a cardboard box or something. Again he is just another stuffed shirt up there.  We have Moseley Braun. Another one that should really just get out of it...not because I don't think a woman or a black woman could win...but she has yet to bring up any real issues and take to task what is going on in this nation. She is wanting to wage a war for womens lib...when that war has already been fought and mostly won. If she had something more to say I would listen...but so far her running is her running because of her ego.  Gephardt...this is the candidate that the Dems would love to win...either him or Kerry...because they are both part of the Washington crowd...I will make a comment on that in a minute. This guy really needs to come up with something better than saying Dean is like Gingrich...(in some circles that is an honor)...also he has played "the miserable failure" line a little too long...once hey it worked...twice ehhh ok we'll aplaud..any more and we're gonna drag ya out back and beat ya with a dictionary so you may get some new words in you vocabulary.  Kucinich...call me crazy but that little dude has a real bug up his ass...and he actually had a good answer to "what would be the most unpopular thing you would persue in your presidency"...his answer was cutting the military and forcing it to be more efficient...then taking that money and putting it into education. The rest of the field had answers but most centered around repealing the tax cuts. I like this little guy because he is more of a Democrat than the rest...not that I am particularly fond of Democrats...but at least his view is strong and towards the left...he doesn't seem to want to bend on changing the way money is spent and fixing the environment.  Graham in short is an old fart that just needs to retire to his state...go head out and lounge around the pool with the rest of Florida...I don't want an old man running what has become a world in which you have to think fast and be at least somewhat up to date with your thinking...we need solutions not "well this is the way we did it"...the way you did it wasn't all that effective the first time around or we wouldn't be facing the same problems you jackasses put together for us now. So in short....piss off.  This leaves us with three remaining candidates. Clark, Dean, and Edwards.  Clark: First of all I am not impressed all that much by him up to this point simply because he has wavered back and forth on things. I understand the world is not black and white...but sometimes just go ahead and make a stand and take your lumps like a man. If I close my eyes when he is speaking I hear Bush in many respects (at least he sounds like him)...I would hope that people will see through the curtain and just see that the Clintons are propping him up as a way for Hilary to run for VP...with no real chance of winning in 04' and then setting her up for a strong run in 08'. I can see if he gets the nod that the Dems won't run him hard and if he pics Hilary there would be somewhat of a backlash...as she is not the most pleasant person. Her softer makeover hasn't taken complete effect yet (just think Tankles). If they don't run him hard then she will be set up for almost an assured shoe in as the Dem nominee for 08' and possibly the Presidency...I will get to her in a few minutes.  I just want for Clark to stand on his own and fight the battles...I would love for him to run on a ticket with Dean...a Dean-Clark or Clark-Dean ticket would be unstopable period.  Dean: I was slightly dissapointed in his performance today...not because he did anything wrong...but that he wasn't as animated as I have seen him in some of his personal appearances that he has made round the country. I want to see the man that takes off the jacket and loosens the tie and gets down to brass tax...I want to see that he isn't polished...that he is a man not a politician even though he is a politician. He did very well deflecting the blows that came his way from other hopefuls in that he didn't really attack them when they came after him...he told they were wrong and then tried to focus them back onto the bigger issue of getting Bush out of office...very grown up of him...a quality that is sorely needed when it comes to politics...because right now you see on the world stage politicians acting like children yet in the meantime we have our men and women dieing in Iraq...  He needs a little more in the way of tacking down some of his policies and he will be golden...yes we need to repeal those tax cuts...but what money will that bring in...and then what will you do with that money. How much do you think it will cost to give us all healthcare....etc...get those numbers together and show us how it will be paid for and then more people will take this movement as more than a movement and more of a real thing.  Edwards: Why do I put him in this group when Kerry or Gephardt would be better as front runners. Well because I like him. He kept a promise and officially anounced his candidacy on The Daily Show with John Stewart.   Keeping a promise...even as mundane as that is a pretty big thing. So he got extra credit for that. He really doesn't have a shot in this field right now...but his ideas are sound and he is charasmatic. He is a young guy that can have the pull with younger voters if he can get across to them.   He will be one to watch in a few years...just a little more under his belt and he may become a good leader in the party.   Now on the Hilary question. She has already promised that she wouldn't run for President in 04'. Which I take her at her word (even though I shouldn't). However she has not said that she wouldn't stump for VP in 04'. Now she has stated that she wants to make a run for President in 08'. Now the numbers don't quite work out here. If she gets the nod for VP this year then one of three things will happen...with one only really being a possibility.   First the two out there scenarios. The first is her and running mate win the election. Once in there would be a tragic assasination. She would be in the number one spot. The second is that her running mate makes it all the way through but decides not to run for a second term (it happens but rarely).  The other scenario which is very plausible is this. That her and running mate X run a poor campaign and don't go at it hard and loose to Bushco. In 08' the Republicans won't have a good candidate for Pres...come on Cheney (my ass)...and she would have a relatively easy time of a campaign because of another four years of Bushco in charge...by then even hard core hillbilly republicans will be crying for anything different.  I want a woman to win the office I really do...but I don't want her specifically. I don't think she would be a good one...I would have to see how she talks and see some more of her ideas...also see if she has changed some of her views. Then maybe I would vote for her...but if it were today I wouldn't.  Coming to my last point of the evening or this post is this. I am tired of seeing stuffed shirts. I want someone who is entertaining. I want my candidate to be human in every way...hey if the F-bomb were dropped every once in a while like in this context "what the fuck was he thinking? Come on people!"...I think that could be tolerated today. I don't want our politicians to be potty mouths...but in real life people swear...they should too and not be ashamed of it. That shows they are human and prone to slipups...also sometimes those words are really the best to describe some things.  I want to see my candidate in jeans and a decent shirt...just like I dress in my day to day life. I don't want them to make me feel inferior because I can't afford a 2100 dollar suit. Hell go to a debate in that for all I care...actually do that because then it shows that the pomp and circumstance is just that...it has nothing to do with the issues...hell wear PJ's and bunny slippers...but for God's sake just be a real person.  Scripting is great...if you are an actor (Ahnold) but not if your a politician. If you are truely informed you should be able to give a speach about things. Sure you write down some notes...but damn if you can't take a few questions and answer them (without having known what they were before hand...no more of this scripted Q&A sessions bullshit) without the aid of a teleprompter or hours of preperation...then you certainly haven't been doing your job. If it is something that you don't know...it isn't a crime to say I don't know the answer to that...I will get back to you on it (and then in a novel idea...call the reporter or person who asked you the question after you have researched it and give them the answer...that would endear you to the people as a person that takes time to listen and then think).  Ok...I am tired and it is late...I need some sleep!  PLUR  Oh yeah later today I have to take my box offline to send back my RAM kit that is bad...it will be down I would imagine through to the beggining of next week...I will still update..but I don't know how good they will be :-)