         I recieved an email from the makers of my ram today and they are going to replace it for me. I am glad they have a lifetime warranty on them. Actually they couldn't have been more helpfull about it all. The just gave me an RMA number and said send in the pair and we'll get you a new set sent out. So far it looks painless. The only problem is that I will have to not be on the computer for a couple of days...but I can handle that. Also it means that I have to use my laptop for those few days.   As I think more and more about what I want to get next when I get some money for computer stuff. I think I am going to upgrade and get a new laptop...actually a desktop replacement laptop. They are larger and heavier than the smaller and thinner ones...but they come with top of the line components and run right in line with desktop PCs.  I would get something along this line. A laptop from  Powernotebooks .  Something like that would do...I will wait and see what other notbooks come out with the ATi Mobility 9600 because that is the biggie right there. To have that piece of hardware in your laptop means that you have the high end of graphics that will be very good for gaming on the go. The rest of the computer is almost irrelevant...I would love to find a Centrino Based system that has the 9600 in and 1GB of RAM as well as a 5400RPM drive...but if I cant find it I would head to Powernotebooks to get going...as they have had great reviews and are the cutting edge of technology without being way out expensive.   This is the same company that supplies notebooks for  Alienware . With the one exception...Alienware goes with the Geforce FX 5600GO video chipset in it which is far inferiour to the ATi chipset.  It will all depend on getting some money russled together here soon. I would like to try and get my act together and have something by Christmas...that would be soooo K-RAD!  Well I am off to get a bit of sleep...I get the needle taken out of my chest tomorrow which makes me a happy boy...and I also completed the final work on the computer case...now all I have to do is add the few BLUE LEDs to the inside of the case to light it up a bit...overall it looks ok...I can see that while I am waiting for the RAM to be returned I am going to dissasemble it again and sand it down a bit and paint it with a flat black paint solution instead of the somewhat shiny gloss black I have on it...the sanding will be a bitch...but then again I don't have much to do...so I might as well make it look really good...  Well off to bed!   Peace....and keep an eye on the cost of war to the right over there...the American Taxpayers dollars at work and not getting us anything for it all...and OPEC just announced that it was going to cut back by 900 thousand (I think that is right) barrels a day to bring the prices up slightly more...so as you can see...we have invaded an oil rich nation...we are paying american corporations to go in and fic it up (on the taxpayers tab) they then sell the oil to themselves...and pass along higher gas prices to us in the end...so we are paying for Iraqii oil in taxes to rebuild the industry (which mind you the industry has plenty of money to build it up without having to ask for a dollar as they will make money on it which ever way they go)...then the consumer pays again at the pump because OPEC has decided to create another shortage as they did in the late 70's.  Oh yeah one more thing...since we legally became the owners/operators/occupiers of Iraq we have under international law assumed all of the debt that the Iraqi government accrued over its years of operations...which is in the 200 Billion dollar range...that debt is now on the American taxpayer...also any and all contracts that were signed under the old regime still have to be honored because the contracts were for the Iraqi people...so really Bechtell and Halliburton shouldn't even be involved in the oil fields because Russian and French contractors had already signed contracts to do the work on the systems...  Part of the gripe about all of this was that when America was going to go in they would attempt to void all debt and contracts...but under current international law the American leadership can't do that...so it will be interesting to see how this plays out over the next few months...because a lot of these lendors and contractors haven't been paid yet...and they have legal claim to it all...  So in the end 87 Billion (which in reality only about 20 Billion goes towards rebuilding the rest is for military operations and upgrades) and the current totals that have been spent (around 76 Billion with about 10 billion going towards rebuilding if even that much and the rest to the military to wage the war) we could be looking at having to pay the 200 billion dollars worth of debt that is owed to the Russians (they sold them weapons and heavy equipment), the French (they sold them oild field technology among other things), and have to live up to contracts that are worth billions more with the likes of BP/Shell oil and many others...so it could cost us over 500 billion when all is said and done...and when we do leave it will only take one election and the entire state will be what we certainly wouldn't want...a fundamentalist Muslim state.  Wow...just think folks...while the threat of terror weighs heavily on our minds...and we have an urational fear of it really (considered to what people think around the world)...we have set ourselves up as the main target for some truely bad things that maybe we should be scared of...  Leave it to some idiots to fuck up the world for us...and this time the idiots are from Texas...and they run under the newly NYSE company name of Bushco (not really...but when they get there 250 million for a campaign they will be a rather large company).  BLAH!!!!