         I am convinced now that someone who is in power hates me...hates my guts. I just had a stick of RAM go bad! I wrote the company that made the RAM because it has a lifetime warranty on it and the place where I got it reffered me to them so hopefully they will make good on the warranty.  Jeesh just as things might have started to look up. This has to come and smack me in the nose. Not to mention all of the other shit that we are all having to deal with in the family.  Oh yeah and an update on my grandpa...it seems he has a bad staph infection...yup good ole staph...the real problem that I see is that he has massive kidney failure and his liver isn't in the best shape and all of the good drugs that could be used to fight it off would be very damaging to both those organs...so what are they gonna do? I wonder.  I guess it really doesn't matter in the end because he is pretty dieing anyway...and the sooner the better because there is nothing worse than having a sick family member linger on for a long time...it is easier to deal with when the person just dies because then you don't have to deal with the illness day in and day out...because for anyone to deal with that it eventually fosters some feelings of disdain. I say that especially in this case because he was never a good man to my grandmother or mother for that matter and since my mom moved up here to be there just in case he has really taken advantage of her.  She moved up under the impression that things financially were ok and that he had all of it arranged so that if he did get sick or go and die suddenly it would be relatively painless to figure out what he owes and pay it off and then distribute any assets as he wanted...well that wasn't the case. Instead she came up to a mess and when she got things in order they also took out extra money against the house to have a cushion for a bit if things got messy...well instead of not touching that money he has basically spent a good chunk of it and we don't know were he spent it.  We really aren't talking about that much money in the grand scheme of things...but it still is a burden because if he does live for another year or two my mom will end up having to pay all the bills because he won't have the money or manage what money he does get from Social Security in any sensible way.  He gets about 700 a month from the government. That would be enough under the way she got everything consolidated to pay the majority of the bills. However he cashes that check for running round money and has taken out of the account additional money to do god knows what with it. The only thing that she is asking him to pay is the morgage on the house...she is taking care of the utilities and such. She then finds out just in the last week that he had some bills outstanding from his business that are basically leveraged against his property...the amount is only about 500 dollars...but still it hasn't been paid and instead of paying that bill when he got extra money after refinancing he just ignored it. So she has to straighten that out...and god only knows what else will crop up.  In addition to all that he is just a piss ant and really is one of those people that you would not want to know. He has alienated all of his family (it is a miracle that he has two people in his life that don't really care as my mom and I don't really let bad behaviour get in the way of family) and he has no real friends per se.  It baffles me really. I have been irresponsible with money for a good part of my life. I have never really been good at budgeting but after having seen this and other cases in which people live way beyond their means I am glad that I have started to live within mine and have seriously curbed my ways (which I have my grandmother and mother to thank for that at this point)...  Right now I get 530 bucks from the government every month to live on. I have only four bills per month at this point. I have a car note that is 230 bucks...I wish that I didn't have that but I needed a car and in reality it isn't that bad considering the car I got is a luxury car (a 1998 Oldsmobile Aurora...I got it for a song and a dance and it is helping rebuild my shitty credit)...I have a cell phone which eats about 50 bucks a month if I stay off of it during the day (which is why I rarely use it during the week before 9PM because I only have 300 minutes on peak and unlimited off peak and weekend minutes...plus I have unlimited PCS Vision internet on it). I have to give back to the government 53 bucks a month for fines and then I give my grandmother money each month to help offset some of the bills that I encure as well as pay on the credit card I have that she gave me...total I owe about 300 on it...and I try not to buy anything on it except gas...I do however owe for the camera I got on it which is 300 bucks but that is a business expense that I will be able to make back hopefully...I also owe her more than that but she is good to me and you won't ever hear me complain that I don't have nice things because she has done so much for me...so in a given month I have maybe 100 bucks of spending money which right now is limited because I am on house arrest...so in the end I might have some money saved up.  I just got a job that will bring in I hope about 300 a month...which hey that would be great because I can pay my grandmother off and not have to worry about the credit card getting out of hand. Oh I forgot I spent 80 bucks the other day on an oil change and a couple of bits of stuff for my case mod...but that I will give her this next month...usually I giver her about 125 to 150 a month depending.  Here is my point. I am going to try my damndest to not get into a situation anytime soon that makes it hard for me to pay my bills...I know that when my grandmother passes away (if she goes before I do) that I will have to make big changes in my already low budget lifestyle and will have to reduce costs as well as find something that will bring more money in.  I had wanted to move away after I got done with this house arrest but at this point I don't think that I can afford it. I don't have the income to go moving off anywhere yet. With my illness it is also hard to get a regular job seeing that at anytime I could end up in the hospital and have no income whatsoever...because of the rules if I get a good paying job I loose even my little check from the goverment...and to qualify to get it again I would have to go a year without income..and if I have bills I can't do that and live somewhere else...you see the math doesn't add up. I would have to have thousands in the bank and if I have that I might not qualify to get aid as well.  The idea that is currently floating around the family is this. My grandmother is taking a hit in the stock market right now. Her portfolio is shrinking because of the stock markets spotty performance. So she is thinking of taking some of that money out now and putting it into property. She wants to help finance a house for my mom and I.  Now I have really mixed feelings about this all. It comes down to two things. First and foremost I wouldn't want to burden my grandmother with that even though I would qualify for section 8 housing and they would basically pay the mortgage payment for me...well rent to my grandmother which in turn would pay the mortgage...or if we got the loan with me as a co-owner it would be paid for me...  Second problem is that I don't really want to live with my mom. I love my mother greatly but I don't know if I could live with her again. I am no clean freak, and I am not one to cast stones...but we are really two different people. I am messy and unorganized...she is dirty and unorganized. Two very different things. I try and keep things clean where as she hasn't ever been into keeping things clean...and minor things like leaving butter out. Small things yes...but also I am 26 years old and I live with my grandmother and then would be living with my mother. I am already a pathetic person but I don't want to move in with her and jeapordize the good relationship we have. In addition I would also feel even worse than I already do because it would be her supporting much to much.   I already am torn in the situation I am in now...I don't really contribute a substantial amount to my own upkeep...I don't know folks...I just wish I had a bunch of money because I could then just say this is how I want to do it.   I would buy a little loft on the outskirts of Pittsburgh and have spartan but nice furnishings from Ikea and one of their kick ass beds, a simple sofa set, a nice entertainment area with a few nice toys to say...a nicely equiped kitchen that is spotless and has nice cookware (because I do love to cook if I have all the tools and nice cookware to work with)...and that would be all I need...all of it would be open space because I like that concept of a one room living space that is open. One side would be the bedroom area and the other would be the living area, and another area the kitchen dining area...with minimal walls sectioning it all off...more like fake walls to give some privacy but not completely closed off. Basically you would be able to see the entire space from any point in the place...with the exception of the bathroom...that has to be closed up somewhat...it would be an ideal living working space for me. Partly because I am a nerd and need to have all the toys together to get them all working in concert with each other. The entertainment setup would consist of a Plasma TV from Gateway and a computer hooked up to it with big flat panel connected to the computer for work and the plasma screen for playing video and TV and games on...all run through a speaker system that puts out a lot of sound run out of the computer...it would be a convergance dream in which I could make it do things like display art on the Plasma screen for kicks and get togethers...and play visualizations for winamp when playing music...and double as the gaming screen...but the main flat panel would be big and work for gaming on the computer side of things...nice appliances but nothing special...just a nice trendy but spartan environment designed for modern efficient living.  That is my dream place to habitate in.  It really isn't much to ask for...and I would love to be able to have a job that would allow me to do this...which I am working on. I have stuff to sell on Ebay that would get my mom money but also get me some seed money to get the things to put together this dream...also I have seen a few jobs that I can actually qualify for without a degree but would probably pay well enough to live like that...but get to that level over time.  Hey maybe in that environment I could even afford to have someone in my life that would want to be around me.   And that my friend is what I want the most. I want someone who is of the opposite sex who would want to be loved and would love me. Someone who will understand that I am really a very complicated yet shallow emotionally person (shallow in emotion because I feel that emotions complicate things in an irrational way...as I don't respond emotionally in a normal way to things)...someone who will feed my intellectual side yet be able to be dumb at the same time...so that when I don't have earth shatering things to say will be alright if I make farting noises with my mouth. Whether or not that person exists is highly debatable.  Most of all that person has to be willing to force change on me in the right way...and someone who will be willing to loose me and at the same time assure me that loosing me won't kill their soul. That has been my biggest stumbling block to date for me to be close to anyone...becuase of emotion. In my knowledge and critical thought I have come to the conclusion that I don't want to inflict pain on anyone when I go...I want it to be celebrated as I would celebrate their life if they were to pass. I would mourn my passing but I would also know of be assured that in my passing that I as a person had something that I enjoyed and loved and would want to go on...  Such deep thought is always hard...and yet I am always compelled to think this way. It is a blessing and curse. It is the problem with having a brain that is always going a million miles an hour thinking in so many branches and working every angle...trying to find the best solution to a problem that has no solution. It is a curse because I always come to the conclusion that I can't have those things based on past experience.  What I fear most is that no one will come along to proove me wrong...and that is what I desperately want. Someone to proove me wrong.  Yet after having written this I could ramble on for another twenty hours because my brain has kicked in again and is analysing every word as I write it...  Please someone respond to this...someone proove me wrong.