         So finaly this week of sheer hell is over for me now.  Lets start by saying that I really don't like the job I am doing because it is just such BS. This Kiosk that I work at sells ritzy pet things...all of it way overpriced and nothing that I personally would ever buy...but people do buy it. Yesterday I sold 33 dollars worth of stuff from 11AM to 6PM...today was even better...I sold 0.00 from 10AM to 5PM. I can tell that the woman who is going in on this is dissapointed that I am not selling more...or rather that I am not pushing people into sales. My simple philosophy is this...you either want it or you don't. I really can't make you mind up for you in the end. So my schtick is this. I walk up to the customer...but I don't interfere with their personal bubble (because I hate when people do that to me when I am in stores) I say "Hello...how are you today"...they say a few words back and I usually reply with "Oh things are good...if you need anything I will be here to answer questions for you." Then I leave them pretty much alone unless they engage me in a conversation which has happened a few times. I have a no pressure approach because of my philosphy...you'll either want it or not...I can't take your wallet out and make the purchase for you.  Couple that with prices that are really to high (and she went back and raised a few prices during the week) and you have for slow days. It really isn't the holidays yet and that is when we hope it will get busy.  In the end she really can't afford me to just stand there with a goofy look on my face...and frankly I feel bad because this is supposed to be a vehicle to help get some of her debt paid down.   Here are the numbers. 5500 for the Kiosk through Christmas (I don't know if it is per month or a lump sum). Her inventory which she paid wholesale through a middle man when she could have gotten it much cheaper from the factories...and that is going to kill her there.  Plus she has me who comes in for two days a week...a total of 16 hours at what she wants to pay me (8 bucks an hour) and she also has another person who is working for her and I would imagine she has a similar deal too. Well all that adds up and she may not make it back...hell she will be lucky to break even in the end.  She has left it "up to GOD"...and we all know that he hasn't been a real good manager.  Hell his churches blow through money left and right and are constantly begging for more.  So that is that story.  Also in this hell week my grandfather has gotten really ill. Now I am of the impression he will die real soon because he is pretty bad from what I here. I haven't been to visit him yet in the hospital. My mom came home one evening and found him collapsed on the kitchen floor. Not but a few days earlier he was backing out of his driveway and backed into a parked truck. He has been on a rapid decline over the past few weeks. He is on Dialisys and from everything I have heard you get a max of five years on that and then people die off like flies after that...and you only get to that point if you take excellent care of yourself.   Well back to the colapse. First thing you do is call the ambulance right? Well my mom has never once in her life made a sound health choice regardless of who she was having to make a decision for. I went for over a week one time with a bowel blockage when I was younger even though I knew something was wrong...but she wouldn't take me until it got to the point where I couldn't stand...even then she resented the fact that she had to take me to a doctor. Also when I was younger I never got the proper drug treatments ever...and that could have helped me now...partly because of her...partly because my dad wouldn't spend the money on the drugs (and this was before they had the really expensive stuff)...she never contacted state agencies to see if I qualified for some assistance or anything. She is just horrible when it comes to medical stuff. When my sister was in a severe wreck my mom talked her out of going to the hospital in the ambulance...turned out my sister did need to go. When it came round to getting money for the accident (it was someone else's fault) because she hadn't taken the ride she lost out on a substantial amount of money (like 50 grand or more).  So when she found him collapsed she first tried to administer aid herself. Got him up to his room because he wanted to pee. Then she finally got around to calling his PCP. Now what were they gonna say "give him an aspirin"...no they said to call the ambulance immediately. So she finally did more than an hour after she found him on the floor. Compounding all of this was a fever that was rising and eventually is topping out (he still has it) at 104F.   She said he was very jaundice (yellow skin tone) and that is a sign that things aren't working right. With his bad kidneys it is probably cause by that because once they shut down other things shut down as well like the liver. He is essentially having organ failures...and on top of it he has a heart condition...smokes, drinks, doesn't eat right the whole nine yards...so I told her that she has always made bad decisions when it comes to health and just listen to me on this one...I ended up being right.  She got upset when I told her that...and it may have hurt her feelings...but I said it because it was the truth and in this situation she could face charges if she didn't act properly...and she didn't. She flat out didn't. Fortunately her ass is covered now...he excuse was that she needed to get the PCP to get things arranged so he could go strait in...well ER have doctors too and they would be just as well versed with medical conditions...and they could have called his PCP to get full details.  On top of it all she has had Jesse's box to send back to him...in all the rush and hub-ub she forgot about it which I can understand that...she is able to get a big ass discount on sending it through Fed-Ex so she said she would get it in to them in the morning and have it delivered overnight service...she was going to try today but got detained at the hospital with all this shit.  Heres the kick in the balls...my lung infection is not over...and I know as soon as I stop the meds on Wednesday within two weeks tops I will be back in the hospital...because these bugs I have are just not responding to the meds they have me on...  Sometimes I just want to say fuck it all and quit.  What I have felt for a long time and my friend Danielle (who is also a CF patient) elloquently said..."We are so old yet so young. It is a crime."  That is what it is alright. A crime. I have friends who are out there and in relative health yet they complain about meaningless bullshit...oh my back hurts, I have this ailment, or that one...shut the fuck up people.  You aren't sick. You haven't even begun to experience what some unfortunate people have had to deal with. For the older folks out there...I understand that it is a bummer to start to have your health fail knowing that sooner or later you are going to die...but you have lived a full life. Those of us who are young and have to deal with all this shit seem to have a much better grasp on it and accept what will come of us.   I would never wish this on anyone...but if some people could walk a day in my shoes to see they shit I have to do...and when that shit stops working is when you truely become fucked...and for me things are no longer working.  Before I exit this planet I hope to make a difference...I want to write a couple of papers...and maybe a book. I have material that I have scribbled all over the place and in that material I am sure is some great stories and possibly some interesting ideas.  I just can hope that I can realize some of the things in my head before they die with me.  Oh and I figured out what I want done with my body when I die...first I want it to be a research corpse...something so students can disect me and play with my guts...but then I want to be cremated and then have the ashes taken to one of the new labs that can take a persons ashes and turn them into diamonds. So that is what I want done with me. I want to become eternal...and what better way than through a diamond. In addition I want to have some genetic samples drawn and preserved (preferrably encased in the diamond or the ring that will hold the diamond) so that maybe in a future time they will be able to clone me...at least it will be a historical record that will say to someone in the distant future...he lies Michael Honse in stone, DNA attached for reference.  PLUR