         Well today I had my first full day of work...I can tell you now with all honesty that the business this woman is running will fail. The market just isn't there and she pays way to much for everything causing her to jack her prices up to a point where things are just unreasonable.  I hope for her sake that thing will pick up and that we can sell the hell out of the items she has...its not that the items in and of themselves are crappy...they are just to expensive in this economy. You see this lady is in deep debt and she thought it might be good to start her own business. Now for me I would have chosen to go into something that lands contracts so you have some sense of security as to what you are working for and selling. You can then build in profit from the beginning and you only need to get what you need and not carry any type of stock. This thing is costing way to much money and frankly it probably won't even return her investment...all she could really hope is to break even...and that might be a stretch. She has left it in "GODs" hands...and well you know that I don't particularly put much faith in an entity that has been corrupted by man.  One thing about this job and I really noticed it today is that the mall is just a place of absolute absurdity. You have maybe four or five major types of things sold in a mall...the main thing being clothes. Well all the stores sell pretty much the same thing at huge markups considering all their clothes are made in third world countries for pennies and people here plop down 50 bucks for a pair of jeans...it is just mind boggling to me.  I watched people aimlessly amble by with these blank looks on their faces like they had been put into a trance and were consuming for the sake of consumption. I saw teens walking around with bags and bags of stuff with a cell phone attached to their head talking way to loudly and about such meaningless things.   When I get done at the end of the day I feel dirty...I literaly walk out of that mall and feel like I have just been through some sort of evil ritual that Americans call commerce.   My philosophy is simple...I need maybe 7-10 pairs of pants and a couple pair of "dress up" pants, about a dozen shirts or so, a few hoodies or sweatshirts, and maybe a few button down shirts...all of that would add up to maybe 300 dollars worth of goods. That is all I need and I can make those clothes last over a year (seeing as most of my clothes now are several years old). The only thing that I would even consider buying on a regular basis is shoes...and that is because I like funky shoes...but because of my current income I don't even bother to do that because I don't have the money.  Of coarse there are things that I would like to have...but there is nothing out there that would make me want to go out and blow thousands of dollars on...a three hundred dollar watch...gimme a break...I would loose it. 200 bucks for sunglasses...fuck that...I can get a decent pair from walmart for 10 bucks...sure it doesn't have a "label" on the side of them...but it blocks UV rays and such.  Which does remind me I do have to go get some clothes because I just don't have much in the way of normal clothing...most of my clothes consist of RAVE clothes that I don't really wear all that much anymore.  I sit across from Abercrombie and Bitch...and I see little people going in and out all day and wonder...why would you spend all that money on something that has a real value of maybe twenty bucks for several things.   The only thing that I really have a vice with is computer equipment...and I get that because it serves a function and makes my life easier...like I want a new keyboard and mouse combo because I go through them fairly quickly (I wear them out). The set I have my eye on is really to much money...but it would be something that I can use on a daily basis. I want gadgets...cause I love them. However I don't indulge until I have the money to get them because I don't want to go into massive debt to get something....the only thing that may change that soon is to get a new cell phone...I have my eye on several but the dream one is pretty damned expensive...but it would be almost like a laptop setup. What I may do instead of that is buy a cheaper model, buy a cell card for my laptop, and in time get a new laptop that will last me a long long time...and really I would love to get a Tablet PC instead of a laptop truth be told...but a laptop would be better suited to what I want to do with it...such as coding on the road, building sites on the road...and of course game on the road.  Again these are things that I want...but at this point I am not going to go into massive debt to get one...at least not yet.  Well I am going to get some shuteye because tomorrow I have to face the throngs of people yet again...jeesh!  Peace out yo!