         Not much to post about today seeing that it has just been another day of the same old same old...waiting to see if anything will be made of the election problems looming in the national media...  Once I have my main box up I plan to put together a presentation as well as search out the source code for the voting machines so that I can put together something that the media could take off from.   Then I will pimp it around to the media...of coarse I will post it hear first or link to where the presentation will be hosted (probably on my webspace with Verizon).  I think that I can be annoying enough to get it somewhere with the mainstream media. As it is really important for them to investigate the claims that there may be problems...I am thinking Dateline mainly and then CNN...or maybe 60 Minutes as I know that both Dateline and 60 Minutes take on hard things...with 60 Minutes being the premier in journalistic integrity for many years...hopefully they would pick up on the story.  I plan to contact people who have been involved in the process up to this point...and I plan to offer my own information once I have obtained results when I get the software...I also plan to have programmers look at the code and bring those programmers in who have looked at it thusfar so that we collectively could present a complete story with much of the research already done so that networks would only have to validate and air the story...it is about time we get together...  This all depends on when I get RAM back for my box...I plan to spend around 6 hours a day on the story until I figure it out for myself and to hound everyone involved so that maybe something constructive can be done.  I urge you to all help if possible in some of the tracking of company leaders...who they are tied too and who they have dealt with. That would be of great help...and of coarse those who come to me with information will be credited if they so desire...or remain anonomous if they so choose (as this may cause quite a stir and get some high ups pissed off).  Also I plan to actually crack the voting machines if they are deployed here in my precinct during the next vote and then publisize that I did...in the hopes that they would bring prosecution on me so that we could push it out into the mainstream if that is what becomes nesecary...I don't want to do it...but if I have to then I will...and I will make the information on how to crack it once I have it available to all so that others can engage in civil disobediance through what is essentially voter fraud...but for a good cause...to remove the idea of Blackbox Voting.  Send me your thoughts...I need to hear them as I am embarking on what will prove to be a hard and long journey that I am compelled to do. It is time people take action and I have said that many times without having done much myself...so I will take my own words to heart and bring my experience and knowledge (albeit limited) to the table and offer it up to the idea of Democracy.