         Having read through the links all of them seem to be of worthy consideration considering the possible bearing it might have on the voting of Americans.  Also of note is that some of the farther left leaning links as well as the links to the source code bear no fruit as the servers are either down, or the sites are removed which would indicate one of two things bearing on the credibility of the debate at hand.   First is that the information and opinions are true and that the sites have been "removed" in the light that they damage the quest for power that people in power so love...this would be a blow to us all because they are in essense supressing free speach. That would be a crime. I find it wholey possible that is the case because if people and investigators were to get a hold of the source code for these machines and it was indeed found to be poorly programmed with the ability to change election results at a mear whim then it seems that we have all lost...and in that we should all be screaming in one voice "release the code, let us judge if it is adequate and protects our rights".   The other possibility (although I tend to think that the first possibility is a better one seeing the actions of Bushco and the far right republican party) is that the claims hold no water and if the information was let out then their claims would be proved to be wrong. They would simply not hold up to public scrutiny and that would lead people to discredit the authors of said stories...and we all know that discrediting is the way to go when you want to dismiss "conspiracy theory" over just denying it.  I think it is the first possibility because it is a matter of law. All Diebold has to do is claim DMCA over its work and that shuts down all research of said code because to actually investigate and critisize said code would leave an independant researcher open to litigation. To simply post code that is a product of a large company is strictly frowned upon by the courts even if said posting of code is for the benefit of the people.  Remember that one of the main arguments for the case against Microsoft in the 90's was so they would release their source to operating systems for other software writers to be able to look into making their products integrate more effectively into the OS...well Microsoft was ruled against in that regard with the government finding to not post or release the code to credible sources or companies was a violation of anti-trust (RICO) laws. So they had to release the code in question (which happens to be a discontinued OS...Windows 95. Apparently the lawyers for the government didn't specify that newer OS code be released although MS has been a little more willing to let people peek into the guts of newer OS's...although they are still fiercly protective, and rightfully so, of the inner workings of Windows XP).  This all smacks of something scandalous...and we should demand an investigation into it all.  One other scandalous thing is the exit polling. It used to be independant of the government election process...now it isn't by law. All of the exit pollers basically have to adhere to the same rules now and report findings to the same place which then distributes that information to the news outlets...so in this next national election it can be expected that we will see delays in exit polling numbers so that things could possibly be changed on the fly without making it seem that someone is rigging the election...all very tidy as to keep the public in the dark.  I have been, and am all in favor of Electronic Voting as long as you get a reciept of the vote in paper so if results are questioned then there is still a paper trail somewhere (and it would be better if the machines held a reciept as do cash registers for keeping a paper trail). However reading some of the election law it seems as though using electronic voting machines as they are in current form violates the voting laws specifically designed to keep fraud at a minimum...and the voting laws also cast doubt on even current voting systems because votes are not hand counted (as made so painfully obvious by the Supreme Court blocking a Florida hand recount).  On another note I watched a program on Worldink TV the other evening about the Floorida debacle...and the voting process in general and it would seem after having been two years that the ballots would be counted by now by the government...but they have yet to be counted...they were counted by the media and it was found that Gore actually had more votes so in reality the Electoral Votes of Florida should have indeed gone to Gore...but because a hand recount was blocked by the Supreme Court (which by the way has five conservative judges on it out of the nine...all of which were appointed by Republican Presidents) the true and accurate count was never done.  Also of note was the issue of "overvoting"...in which some of the ballots were not clear on how to vote (especially if you are an idiot and can't read directions). There were thousands of these overvotes which machines counting the votes just simply didn't count, however the vote for who the person was voting for was painfully clear...i.e. People punched or filled in a blank for Gore then wrote his name in where it says "Write in the name of the candidate you are voting for"...for some that would mean a double check...but for informed people it would be for the write in ballot (which we still have...and I wonder if it will still be there in the electronic ballot)...  In addition the voting laws also state that the vote must be made in handwriting...so machine votes don't count in the first place.  It is all very dis-organized and we need to clarify the law to allow for machine voting in the first place...but at the same time the process in which a person votes needs to be transparent so that fraud will not occur...  It is sad to think that it may not be even worth voting knowing that your vote on one of these electronic ballot machines may not be counted or it might be changed when the votes are phoned into the counting centers...  It is all pretty scary on how we have lost our power over the government.  One other thing...I hate typing on this laptop keyboard so for me to do all this typing is pretty impressive...it goes to show that I have to give my opinion on this because it is sooo important...  Go Vote...and demand a reciept of who you voted for so that in the end if the votes don't add up then we can demand the correct victor to be put into office whomever it may be.