         Now I am morally oposed to downloading music because it can deprive an artist of a few cents on a CD sale, but I am more moraly oposed to support a corrupt organization such as the RIAA.  The RIAA has seen sales drop at around 10% over the past several quarters and has blamed the continuing downloading of pirated CDs on the internet, but according to their own numbers downloading of CDs has dropped about 40% in the last quarter so something doesn't jive here.  I think what has happened is this and it happened before and they blamed it on another reason similar to the current CD piracy over the internet. It happened when they moved from a primarily Vinyl based system over to Cassette tapes. They blamed copying of cassettes towards the end life of cassettes as the reason for the dropping sales in cassettes. Yet when you look back at the actually numbers you see that people simply updated their collections and those sales were just slipping because many had completed their updating. So in the initial years people bought a lot in the way of cassettes to replace vinyl they already owned and as it got towards the end people had already bought all they were going to buy. Even though the record industry at that time blamed it on cassette copying as the reason they saw sales drop. However they had a replacement ready in the wings...the CD-ROM or CDs as we know them. They offered superior sound to all previous formats (although they lacked the warmth or depth that vinyl often had) but the initial high cost of CDs kept sales slow but steady until the early 90's when it really took off.   I remember that I got my first CD player in 91 and I started buying CDs then as I started to work. I bought about 12 a year. Once I started making more money I was up to around 40 cds a year. Now that I am out of college and broke (partly because of shitty economy and higher costs of living) I no longer buy that many cds. Instead I do download most of them now and burn them off.   Now as I have said sharing is bad, but what is worse is the RIAA selling a product for anywhere from 10 to 23 dollars for something that clearly costs less. Even during the era of narrowband and hourly rates you could still download a CD and burn it for about the same cost as that...now we have broadband and cheap cds and a person can do it for a fraction of the cost.  As far as the artists are concerned you will find most of them publicly support the RIAA as they control much of the media content that is seen out there as well as the retail channel that gets their music into stores. In private many aren't that worried about it because in reality they see very little from their cd sales in the first place. A band or musician may sell 10 million copies and only recieve a small pittance (maybe 100 thousand dollars if lucky) for those sales while the music companies and RIAA see millions upon millions. Again many of the artists in private don't mind it that much from what I have gathered...and in addition I don't think those artists that don't benefit from the marketing machines in the industry would really mind at all because they may see nothing for their work at all. With the spreading of their music online they may see increased ticket sales at the box office which the artists directly bennefit from instead of the labels.  There are some new venues to sell music and this is one of them  this company may be changing the paradigm.  They give 50% of sales to their artists and allow free downloading of music of their artists for sampling. Now I am sure as more bands move over to this business model we will see ever decreasing costs for music and artists that see more of their work going into their pocket. Check out the site and see what you think. If you think it is a good idea go ahead and patronize their service.  Also I downloaded the new Bubba Sparxxx album...and it is very good and laid back. The problem is that outside of Deliverance you may never hear the other tracks off the album even though they are all pretty good so far. I will be adding this to my car collection to bump...as it is good R&B/Hip-Hop that isn't trash. Good work Bubba and I am looking forward to hearing more. I am sorry for downloading it without purchasing it but if I knew of a place to send you the 10-15 buck directly I would be more than willing to do that as your music is pure gold.  I don't have an aversion to paying for music as long as I get to test it first and then as long as the artist gets the lions share of the money paid.  Peace