         Well today I spent most of my day asleep with the exception of a few hours due to whatever is grabbing a hold of me and making me ill. When I first came back upstairs to head to bed and before writing this I puked up what was a good dinner brought over by the neighbors...I feel so bad because it was good but I was coughing so hard it couldn't stay in.  I was up for The Daily Show with John Stewert as it was live tonight. I guess I expected more out of them because it wasn't as funny as it could have been. As you may have guessed it was a live show covering the Recall Election in California.  I also watched a little of the coverage on CNN and something really struck me as odd. As early as 9% of the polls reporting back Wolf Blitzer was calling for an expected Davis concession of the race to Ahhnold (I can't spell his last name right now). Now this seems kind of funny to me...but don't you think you would at least wait until 50% have reported in to see what you would do? I guess counting votes really isn't as important as air time and we all like for our news to be quick and without any real merrit or substance. CNN is also calling the election now with only 33% reporting back that the recall went through and Ahhnold wins. Again...33% is only 33% that leaves (to overstate the obvious) 67% of the votes not counted.  Which brings me to another question...there were supposedly 13 million or so that came out for the election today. By my calculations if 33% have voted 4.2 million votes would have been counted...but on CNN it shows that only 2.8 million have been counted. If there were only 10 million or so voting that would still be 3.3 million votes counted...so where are the extra votes or are the initial reports incorrect about the number of voters that would come out. Also how do we know exactly how many actually came out.  I am actually for Ahhhnold in all this mess believe it or not. He is a moderate Republican with liberal social views...now the real test will be what he does when he finds out there is a mess to fix and he either has to cut programs or raise taxes...and it will be interesting to see if he settles the lawsuit with the energy companies because the state really needs the 9 billion or so from them back.  I am all just a little leary of it all after having read reports on the new systems that are in place in some places out there...but to be fair they are mostly on the old system that has proven ok in their state for some time.  Well I am a sick puppy and I need to rest for this coming weekend. Goodnight all.