         Well I was sprung on Monday...but I still feel crappy. I had a port put in...it looks like ass and feels like a rod in my chest...hurts to boot.  Looking around at people's IM info has just made me really depressed. A lot of the people that I met when they were freshman are graduating...and I have yet to achieve that goal. I suck. I have no job. I am sick. I am pretty reclusive. I am also a felon now...which really sucks balls. More on that when all is said and done. I don't know where to go or what to do. I am at a complete loss as to what I can achieve now. Really all I want to do is crawl in a hole and die...and that may happen soon enough given my poor state of health...but what have I achieved while on this planet.   Not a whole hell of a lot. I had hopes and dreams as most do. I wanted to go places and see things. I just wanted to be happy, and I would still love for that to happen, but it has yet to happen, and the more I go on the more I feel that it simply won't happen.   I feel completely disenfranchised by the whole deal. We have all be raised to be rock star, sport god, multi millionaires...yet no one really ever stopped to say. Hey get real buddy...you are like 99% of the rest of the world...you will be poor and live what will amount to being an unhappy un-fulfilled life. Yet people keep buying into the dream. People keep on thinking that :in America you can do anything, be a millionaire, and have freedoms only others dream about".  Well I am sorry to say that in America we are all running towards the same goal. Money and Power. Yet the simple fact is...there isn't enough money or power to go around. The money and power lies with but a few select people in our country...sure you maybe can achieve that through our system...but most likely you will fail and only end up afowl of the law if you try to achieve those things with any great vigor.   America is but a dream. It isn't real. What we are fed on TV is what the people in power want us to see. It has nothing to do with the common Joe (hell even they took that from us Joe Millionaire). Whenever there is a good idea it is almost always be corrupted by big business and stolen from the average man.   The one thing that distiguishes a citizen from a non-entity in this country is a Vote. As a felon I no longer have the "right" to vote. It was removed from me permanantly. Chances are I won't be able to get a Visa so that I can leave this country and start anew somewhere else. As a non-entity trapped in this nation I am essentially a slave to the state. I no longer have the right to vote in elections and help determin the way I think the country is run...but I still have to pay for it through taxes (which makes me even madder).   So fuck America (land of the free indeed) Fuck George Bush and his corrupt cabinet and little lackies. Fuck the Legal System which puts many under and essentially kills their voice. Fuck everything. It has all been a lie.