         Well I got into another verbal sparring match with my mom today over the issues facing all of us.  She is still blind when it comes down to it...in the past I have considered her to be an informed and therefore educatable person...but I retract that idea. She still cannot see that the policies both my grandmothers and her generation have tried and used have failed and therefore have sown the seeds of discontent in the world. She cannot understand that the reason we are under attack from so many sides is because of the policies of prior generations and her own towards both Africa, The Middle East, and Asia and her subcontinent have put us directly in the crosshairs. She cannot bring herself to the idea that we aren't the good guys when it comes to  those parts of the world...that indeed we are the enemy and it isn't because we are "the infadel" or some other novel idea...but instead simply because we have opressed and killed many of their fellow countryman.  When you have the policies that the United States has had since the end of WW2 (1945 for those of you who have no clue of history) you are bound to make enemies.   We have consistantly had policies that bring us wealth and power while leaving the rest of the world with the tab. You see wealth is a finite thing. You can think of it in the simplest of terms...and here they are.  The world is made up of three disinct things...people, space, resources. Each disting thing you can break down into tenths. For the United States we have the following pieces of the pie...in people we have one fourth of one tenth of a percent in algebraic terms 1/4(1/10)% (we have about 280 million citizens the world has roughly 6.5 billion people)...in space we take up about the same amount...in resources we consume about 2.5 tenths (or 25 percent)...and if you want to boggle the mind we pump out about 25% of the total polution in the world.  Now our population is growing at the average world rate...with that growth it would not be long before we would require the entire power output of the world...so as it is now.  Now take into mind that our current power suppliers (oil, natural gas, and leastly coal) are all fossil fuels that are rapidly declining in supply...you end up with a population that is eating more and more power...with less and less available...and the rest of the world...well we Americans don't care about that do we?  That is where the resentment starts to come into play...not so much that in these little shit countries around the world even really need tons of energy like we do...but that we are taking their share of it without really paying them for it...so we are stealing it...and don't give me the line "we pay 30 dollars a barrel of oil"...yeah our oil companies pay that to themselves...and the money eventually heads off to regimes that don't like us...but like our money, and in turn those regimes opress their people and torture their citizens...when if they didn't have that money in the first place everyone would be on equal footing.  It really is so complex a problem that it is hard to lay it out in a way that makes sense to the Average person. It's not that people can't understand it...but rather they would prefer to think of America as this big benevolant provider of goodness throughout the world. When in fact that our government has long been involved in things that would never happen here...we funded a shaw in Iran for years that killed untold numbers of his own people...then he was overthrown by Radical Muslims (who then turned their hatred towards us because we backed the shaw)...then we paid for and helped the Iraqi regime of Sadaam Hussein develop WMD's to kill Iraniians (who for them confirmed we were out to get them so they hated us even more) not to mention that the people of Iraq knew where the weapons we coming from and the money was coming from (America)...the people that were propping up that evil regime...then when we looked like would fix it all and called on the people of Iraq to rise up with us against him in 1991 we left them flat...don't think they forgot that (so now we are targets there).  Afghanistan...we have an even worse story there. Nobody in the sixties or seventies could tell you where that country was...hell most people here now couldn't find it on a map (so much for our great educational system...leave no child behind...). Then in the eighties the USSR (our great evil foe...that is a whole 'nother story) invaded because it was on the lower end of the great Caspian basin of oil (they tried to consolodate the entire capsian region for oil purposes knowing that if they controlled oil they controlled the world)...so what did we do. Well we just got out of Vietnam so we weren't going to go rushing in there...plus not to mention it would have been directly Russians against Americans so we sent money....and lots of it. Untold billions actually. We funded a little known dude at that time named Usama Bin Laden (or Osama if you spell it the way americans do) and his Al Queda network (not sure on the spelling of that) and the mujohadine (again spelling) that fought against the Russian. We even sent advisors (as we did in Vietnam in the beginning) to teach them to fight. Well we taught them well as the Russians taught the Vietnamese well how to resist an invading Army...the Russians suffered a million or so casualties...but at our dollar.  When they pulled out in 88 everyone sang and danced it was a great victory for all but the Afghani's...because once the Russians left...so did our dollars (even though many people were of the mind to keep dollars flowing in to stabilize the political future as to a pro-western government...but we got burned on Iran so we decided not too)...when our dollars left the country fell into civil war for the next oh....lets say 10 years (our own was a brutal 4 years long) from which emerged the Taliban. Lo and behold we started funding them. The money was to obstensively go towards the destruction of poppy fields in our war against drugs...and they were effective at that as well as killing people, cutting clitorises off, stoning...all sorts of fun. When we asked for a little favor in return (an oil pipeline secured by troops from the Caspian bowl to India where an get ready for it....Enron power plant was) we were flatly denied...this coincided with the Planes into the towers...  Don't get me wrong. We should have gone after the people who perpetrated that. However if you will all recall it happened once before. We knew at the time (or soon after) that it was Al-Queda as we caught the dude behind it and he pointed his finger at bin Laden. Now why did we not go then? We could have (some people would say we didn't have the balls or Pres Clinton was weak...well he wasn't he actually promoted an unpopular position in the Baltics and sent troops to somolia which he then abandoned) tehn but didn't. People died then as well and they struck out our guts...but this time was a little different. And besides we knew who it was but we still haven't found him...why did we need to invade when all we could have used was special forces to surgically weed him out. Because we had a larger goal.  A lot of this is round the board on the "making sense scale"...but from what I have read, put together on my own, and been shown is this. That America really isn't as great as we think we are...sure we have all these great things (which I readily partake in)...but it all comes at a cost to the rest of the world. We steal, polute, and rape everyone else in the world so we can live the way we do...using the current technology we have.  How can we change it all. Well first of all we need more nuclear power....hey it is unpopular and has had its fair share of problems...but overall it is still fairly safe and can give us the go juice in a few years time rather than having to curb our appetites while waiting for better technology. The other thing we can do is research research research...and a little research on the side. We can innovate our way out of this...we can invent our way out...we just need to spend the money to do so. Under the current system we never will...but maybe just maybe the system will change a little this next election and we will see real change and maybe we can get ourselves out of this mess...  As for cleaning up the human collateral we have spilled around the world...we can't. All we can do is sit back and take the lumps on the chin. It doesn't mean we have to take it laying down...but it means that we have to live up to the mistakes we have made and make a good faith effort to fix them.  Point out one country that we haven't screwed and you get a gold star...cause we have screwed them all...if you look back far enough.