         I was contacted by a long time friend of mine (well I consider her a friend even though at this point we are more of aqaintances (SP)) and she would like me to help her build (read build) a website for her resume and modeling resume...lemme tell you this thrills me to no end. I of coarse agreed whole heartedly and want to do a good job...so what am I doing right now? Downloading some software to make a kick ass website.  There are things that I would like to do for it and I have some ideas...I just need to get the relevant info from her so I can start working on it...I will build for her at first something to get started (read good) and then add features to it as I learn them. It will be a great learning experience for me forcing me to get some things done.  I am giddy over it all really. I haven't done a real website for anyone but I have done a few for myself (but never been happy with how they turned out) so it will be nice to get something going in that arena...plus if I get something put together that is the bomb diggity I could get other work from it. That is always a good thing.  I took a day off from reading today...I really should have sat down to read the rest of the book but I didn't want too today. I want to save it for Sunday so I can read the rest of it. Note to self...get some highliters to highlite some of the good material in it...  After I get done with it I will probably get some other books to read...My next may be Jim Hightowers book. I also want to get one titled "Bushwacked, Living in Bush's America" I think that is the full title...anyways I think it would be a good read.  Well right now my DSL is bogged down crunching away at a 450 meg download at an avg. of 80kB/s...really fast but not as fast as a Cable modem (but DSL is much better for gaming.)  I also have to get together an updated price on a web server (basic type) to build one out for a friend and see what kind of fast DSL I can get to where (1.5 Mbps each way I think is 300 a month...not bad for a T1 linespeed).  I talked to my mom today as well and I got what I consider is one of the nicest compliments from one of my hero's. Bryan told my mom that he loves when I comment on his site and that I am very well spoken (or written) and have original ideas...my mom also told me she loves to read what I write (I know she is supposed to hehehe) but it was nice nonetheless because someone is actually noticing.  I would also love to point out that Bryan is probably the most articulate person I know in real life as he is able to pull together disparaging topics and roll out a final product that is easy, amusing, and informative to read...that is a real gift that he has. As always I check his site daily and try to glean a little of the genious from there and incorporate it into my life. (ohh ego stroke ego stroke) But seriously he is one of the best writers that I know personally and one of the brightest bulbs on the grand christmas tree of life. Kudos B.  Peace...keep reading and learning. Keep on keepin on.