         As I read more and more of Al Franken's book the more angry I get at the right of America...it just infurates me to no end to recall some of there efforts now as a liberal (or moderate liberal) and see them all in a new light as I continue to educate myself in what is really going on.  To think it is even legal to be a Republican is beyond belief...because they have done just terrible things and whenever they get caught they downplay it all...but by God when a dude gets a blow job he has to be impeached (remember impeachment is actually for any federally elected person).  The point is this folks. Republicans blame Democrats for all that is wrong and accuse them of class warfare over and over again.  The truth is that the majority of our current problems with terrorism are spawned out of the eighties and the regimes and terrorists we funded (al-queda being one of them from Afghanistan). As for class warfare I would say that the Republicans have waged it ever so much more effectively. Essentially they have given a pass to all rich folks on taxes (and those rich folks who cheat on the taxes that they should pay rarely ever see any repercussions when a person that makes fifty grand a year would likely see his or her livelyhood destroyed by the IRS due to penalties imposed for a minor indescretion that a rich person makes yearly on their tax forms).  The fact is that the rich have gotten richer to the tune of 110% of "real" money or value since the eighties while the lower class has actually lost about 10% of "real" money or value in that same time...so the poor get poorer. If you question these statistics you are called a traitor or said to be conducting class warfare because you blame the rich for getting richer...no I blame them for the poor getting poorer...I don't care if they get richer but only if at the same time we see the same numbers of growth across the board...because as the rich get richer prices go up and those that are actually loosing money value suffer because of that and are forced into ever deeper debt just to keep their heads above water on actually doing things like feeding their families or making sure they have heat.  Class warfare can also be seen in the educational system as this...public education is a mess. We all pretty much agree on that. Private education is the only way to go in many places to have your kid achieve something...but if you can't afford the tuition you don't get the better education. So only the rich can afford to be educated (when in reality they usually are the among the dumbest of people out there because of their "selective" inbreeding to keep wealth at the top.)  Another thing that irks me is this...the debate of the 87 billion dollars needed for Iraq.  Well actually it is the 67 billion needed for the military portion. Yup thats right I am questioning "supporting the troops".  The question should be this...what are we getting for the 67 billion dollars? My thinking is this. Ok so it is going to the troops right? Well is it going to pay the salary and combat pay of the troops? Well some of it will...but the point is this. The regular pay should come out of the existing Military budget because they would have to pay them that salary anyway if they weren't at war. The combat pay should be paid out in the 67 billion because that wouldn't and shouldn't be allocated in the regular budget. The same goes for all the reservists...subtract the normal monthly costs from the Pentagon's normal budget and the extra to have them deployed come out of the 67 billion.  Surely some of that money is going to go towards replacing all the HUMVEE's and APC's being blown up. My question is this. Don't we already have a buttload of these vehicles? I mean since the eighties the budget for the military has always been over 200 billion a year...during that time you would think that they would have amassed hundreds of thousands of these vehicles...and seeing that the HUMVEE is supposed to have a service life of 12 years or so then it would make sense that a lot of them would still be around. Sure we need to replace them as the get destroyed...but can't we replace them over the next few years instead of all now...and where are all the rest of them?  Ammunition...ok this is a given...they need it...we don't always have huge reserves of it so it needs to be bought. But does the budget cover new M-16's, M-224's (the squad weapon), M-60's...if it does we already have millions of M-16's and tons of the rest of them...so do they need new ones? When in fact the majority are still using M-16 A1's...I can understand updating them all to M-16 A2 or M-4 status...but that should come from the regular military budget as they would have to do that anyways.  Missiles and bombs...hey again we have been spending all this money for all these years and we don't have a buttload laying around? Yes we need to resupply...but why are we running short in the first place.  Fuel...yup you need that and you really can't make huge stores of it...so I can understand that a large chunk would go for fuel...but at the same time we just invaded an oil rich nation...I'm sure they are getting there gas at less than 1.50 a gallon.  The questions should be "what is the 67 billion paying for?"...is it covering expenses that would normally be covered in the regular budget...and if it is what is the normal budget going for?  I would challenge them to give an accounting for that money...the 20 billion I can actually understand. We bombed it we bought it...and I bet if you found what looks to me to be the fraudulant overcharging of the military to the taxpayers we could come up with that 20 billion in savings from this appropriations bill.  If it is all straight up...then so be it then it needs to be spent...but if it isn't on the up and up...then withold the money until they can explain the new expenses.