         Gotta love Bushco and their endless peddling of this war. We are in the thick of it and they say all is rosey and going well. Americans dieing at the rate of about 6-8 a week right now doesn't seem like things are going well. As well as the prospect of our troops being deployed for a year or more (just think about it folks they are already strained with 140 thousand troops deployed with there being few reserves to send so to think that they will be back after a year is a little optimistic at this rate of "recovery"...I personally think troops may be deployed longer than a year possibly up to two years with little R&R.).  While I want to say to the troops good job and way to go and keep your asses safe I would also like to say this...quit bitchin' you signed up for it...for service and while it certainly isn't fair that your there and I am here you all certainly knew when you signed your enlistment papers that the government owns your ass for the next few years and they can do with you what they please.  If it were up to me I would bring them home now...the Iraqi's seem ready to take over...and if they are in the position of holding an election but that can't happen until all our companies secure contracts and we pacify the entire nation. I would say get out and let them handle it...let them rebuild off of oil revenue and let oil companies actually compete for position over there like they would elsewhere.   However I think another reason Bushco doesn't want to leave them to their own devices yet is a pretty good argument...they would likely duely elect a very Religious Right government -ala- Taliban style. That probably wouldn't be good for us...but hey there is a lot of medicine that we are due. We are Americans we can take whatever they dish out.  On another note I started writing something of a book. It will certainly contain better grammar and punctuation than this blog (or at least I hope it will). The running title is "I'm Not Coughing, I'm Laughing. A life with C.F."  So far I have a prologue already penned out. It needs a little more but I will write more as it comes to me. I have the first chapter penned out completely as it is the shortest that basically starts out my life...and hey what can I say other than "I was born...then diagnosed two years later. All was normal for the first five years of my life." That is pretty much what the first chapter says but in a little more wording and with a little background to build consiquent chapters on.  I don't really expect it to be published but you never know. If it all comes out as something really short I may enlist some of my CF friends here in PA to write a little about their lives and compile it into a book together with the title still being "I'm Not Coughing, I'm Laughing. A look into X lives with C.F."  It is a novel idea (heheh forgive the pun)...and I think it is about time I pen out some of my ideas. Plus I have two works of fiction that I really need to get to work on. I have rough draft outlines for them all I need to do is flesh them out and make the worlds that I dreamt up reality in words. The one story I already sort of told here on this blog a few weeks back. It was the dream that scared me half to death...but the dream was so real and the visuals are still there. I just need to find the right words to put it down.  I love working but I hate my job...and that is about it for this update. Till next time. Peace out yo!