         Well not much really to post or rant about today except that some new law has passed that makes illegal certain Abortions.  While personally I am pro-life my political view is pro-choice. What? What the hell Mike? What kind of wishy-washy position is that?  It is simple for me really. I am a man...or at least last time I checked I had all the male parts. My personal beliefs and views are my own and not to be laid on anyone else. Should I stop a woman from having a procedure that is completely up to her deciding? She will be the one that has to live with it both good and bad...so for me to impose my views on her is rediculous...and for me to support any law that would restrict that basic right (to choose to do something) goes totally against even the Bible.  Yes even the Bible. For all you religious nuts out there your God says one thing...and really it is his only basic tennent (even though a larger tennent would be to love each other) but that basically says...You have the right to choose to believe or not. You alone are the sole decision maker to make decisions that go with him or against him...but in the end you will be held accountable for those decisions.  A life is a life...but a bundle of cells that is essentially treated as a virus for a period of time in a womans body does not take precedent over that woman...as she is complete...the bundle of cells is just that...a bundle of living cells. We have no problem attempting to eradicate Anthrax (unless you are the US gov...then you try and develop it into a weapon), trying to stop the flu bug, or fighting AIDs...all of those are living beings...but they are considered bad so we have no problem in trying to kill them.  Again I am distressed at the new law and it would seem that we are on the road towards outlawing abortions all together which would be a bad thing...a bad thing because it takes yet another right away from the people.   The right to have power over your own life.  Think about it and fire back at me if you think I am wrong. I am willing to debate this one to the hilt...and unlike many out there I see both sides...but I choose to side with freedom.  Tomorrow I go to the docs..and I fear that I will be heading to the hospital tomorrow...we will see. As always I will update and let people know what is going on.  Peace