         No pics of the case yet but they will come. I need to finish off the damn thing so you can see the full cool blue effect that I am going for. I need to order a couple of blue LED fans and some other crap...once I have all that up and on it I will get you pics :-)  The hospital wasn't so bad...although I had a rough start. They came in to access my port and only had a 19 gauge needles. That is big when I am used to a 22 gauge. When the dude first tapped it he didn't prime the needle with saline so he would actually be able to get a flow...so he had to take it out and go at it with another needle. When he drew the first one out it bled a little and he slapped on some alcohol just for good measure. If you want to get that feeling cut yourself with some paper and dunk the cut in alcohol...that would be a close feeling. Only this was on my boob...so it hurt a lot!  I was able to spend a lot of time with my new friend Danielle...she has been in the hospital for around 2 months now. She is currently number one on the Lung Transplant list...all things considered she looks pretty good for only having about 10 percent of a lung working for her. I would imagine that is how bad it is but I don't know what her PFTs are.  I try to tell people what I live in and some may see me as complaining and saying that I have it worse than many others...well I do. This was confirmed by Danielle. We both are in the same boat (while I am not nearly as ill as she is though). She has run into the same problem in conveying this to others who aren't CF patients and looking down the barrel of death all her life (as I do). She has friends and family surrounding her but yet she is alone in the struggle. Only CF patients can sympathize with each other as to our illness.   I guess part of it is that we want to desperately be independant and healthy but we know we can't have that. I have often felt almost disgusted when people offer to do even the most simple of tasks for me and generally treating me like a gimp. Now its not that I don't need or want the help, but instead if I need or want it I will ask. Danielle is in the same boat. Sure she can't do everything and needs a lot of help, but I think she feels the same way I do in that we don't want to put upon people to do the simple things. I know that people aren't put apon by helping out if they offer but it is still just the pride issue...CF patients pride themselves in being as independant as possible (from my experience at least) and it is just hard to ask for help.  I think that is why her and I are getting along so far. I will help when she asks but I won't jump whenever she coughs or try and shuffle her things around to help out unless she asks. That is the way I want it in my personal life. I think she sees that and respects that. Because it is sooooo frustrating to have all that attention placed on you when you cough, or when you poop out, or for anything. We want to be normal and conduct ourselves as best we can. The best thing I think I can say to people is treat us like a normal person, if we need to rest or need help we will ask. Don't ask me repeatedly if I need a break...if I need one I will take one.   I took my lucky buddha that was given to me by a friend John and Amanda and gave it to Danielle, I also got her some bamboo. They have helped me and I think they will help her.   Here is something that I am going to ask my friends out there in cyberland. I don't do it with ease because of my own personal beliefs...but if you could do it I would be greatful. If you all would say a little prayer, or whatever, and keep her in your thoughts I would be greatful.   Also I remind you that you need to fill out your organ donor cards or check the box on your driver's license to be an organ donor. It would be a great help for all. You never know you may need one yourself and if people would just do it we would all be better off.  Here are some links.   Official Organ Donor Card   Another one   Remember fill them out and keep them with you...also tell your family that you would like to be an organ donor so they know as well.