         Ok...so I think I figured out what is going on...finally. Well maybe. We will see after some gaming what happens with this machine of poo...yes it is on my shit list right now.  Working fine at high speeds for a while then just doesn't want to co-operate. It is still OC'd but only slightly now...and that cheeses me off! (although I am getting a free boost in speed anyways!)  So I went shopping. You see my mom wants to get a computer and wants to spend less than 400 bucks on hers. Hell I can do that. Well I can do it will shifting things around :-)  First of all since my system will not run at full speed because of problems with power (yes I think the Power Supply and Mobo just can't handle the wattage demands) I can run it safely at up to 200FSB (=800 FSB with QDR on P4)...  I shopped for a Celeron 2.4 on a 400Mhz FSB (which can safely be overclocked to a 533FSB and the mobo will do it well withing its 800Mhz limit), two sticks of RAM for a total of 512MB, and the requisit drives that would be needed to get it up and purring like a kitten. The total came to 387...now lemme remind you it will be a 3.1Ghz Celeron after the overclock, CD Burner, DVD Drive, and 512MB of Dual Channel DDR (at 333Mhz), and over 50 gigs of HD space. So that is a kick ass system for the price. But I would have to get a new Mini-System to replace mine....which adds 260 dollars to the price.   That 260 is actually less than what I spent on my Mini-System barebones in the first place (doh!) and as her processing needs grow I can add a faster processor. The only drawback that I can see is the built in graphics...but that can be remedied as well if the time comes.  So the total comes too 648 bucks (rounded up) to get me back at full speed and get her a kick ass system! Plus my current system has a pretty nifty case! Also it would be powerfull enough to run Longhorn when it finally makes it to market! YAY!  So I am going to talk to mom about it...I could pay her back the 260 bucks over time...or it could be a Christmas gift from her and GM...Either way it gets us both up and running.  As for other things...well I got a new music reporting thing for my site as you may see here.  My health is shitty shitty bang bang...I hate being sick. The steroids are really fucking with me right now. They make my blood sugar go all goofy and when I take the prescribed dose of Insulin to get it back down it crashes down instead of just easing down (I nearly passed out today even though I took less Insulin than was prescribed for my Blood sugar level of 287).  Also the roids are making me very edgy and mean...I am on a very short fuse right now. I mean short. I nearly yelled at GM and Eileen today...even though they didn't ask anything taxing of me...it was just so close. I could barely control it. So I appologized for being short and warned GM that the roids are making me looney. I told her that I was on a short fuse and that if I snap at her I don't mean too and she needs to call me on it and tell me to calm down. While that will make me madder I can distinguish between the roid anger and true anger and cool off...or at least I hope. I am going to call the Docs tomorrow and see if we can do something about that. I am already a prick...I just don't need this putting me over into the Asshole catagory.   On another note I finally got my system to recognize that it can capture video and I got GNN's "Unanswered Questions" ripped onto my hard drive...it is a large file and I encoded it twice. Once for broadband and once for High Quality. I will try and find a place that has big storage as they are big ass files and will require mucho bandwidth allowances to download. However I think I will be able to get it out there. It is a good video.  Halliburton had its extension of a contract cancelled today. YAY! Partly because the Pentagon came out and said that it was being charged twice as much per gallon of fuel than it should pay (it pays around 1.20 a gallon now and Halliburton was charging 2.49 or something like that for fuel to Iraq...the pentagon says they can do it cheaper with their own equipment and even shipping it from the US if nesecary)  Bectels contracts are coming under scrutiny finally as well.  Well I am going to play a little bit of SOF2 and then hit the sack...I am tired.  Peace  Warning...I have roid rage!