         I take back the crashing thing...I think I may have found the cause...indeed the hard drives are part of the problem...but the RAM is giving off a strange buzzing noise as I scroll or do other things...when I wiggle a RAM stick and get the noise to stop it does stop...but sometime the computer freezes...so I am thinking that part of the problem may be the way the RAM is connecting. That would really suck...but it might be ok because there is some new exciting RAM out on the market that would make for a good replacement...and it has pretty LED active meter lights built in.  I watched the Debate tonight on CNN. Rock The Vote.  Overall this was certainly a better forum than I have seen in the other "debates". I will break it down for ya'll as I see it.   Dean  Dean got trounced in the first few minutes. However let me explain why. He made some statements lately saying to southern voters that he wanted those guys in the pickups with Confederate Flags voting for him and that he was the Candidate for them.  Immediately a dude in the audience got up and called him on it...trying to bait him into a corner and then let the others pounce. Which it worked well. He said essentially that he wanted to extend his campaign to everyone white, black, brown...everyone and you can't simply label people as racist  and others as not. We need all people to vote to get Bush out.   I think Kerry was the first to pounce demanding an appoligy. Dean tap danced a bit.  Sharpton took exception to that and attacked...and did so effectively. He called for him to appologize. Dean said that he wouldn't and stood firm. Saying a few things but really danced around a lot.   He was attacked again and then nailed it home. This isn't about race...this is about including people and you have to get through to them on their level...even if they fly those flags. It is time to stop being goaded into a Race debate and focus on just people.   My personal thoughts on it are the Republicans have been the ones to make Race an Issue and play on the fears of both sides...and have gotten away with it because they deal with the extremes at either end of the spectrum which are never likely to get together and compare notes...so they would never see the lies told to them.  He got some of his views across on GLBT issues...which at least he stood firm on civil unions.   Kerry  Kerry...well he came off ok...but he was a stuffed shirt and unfortunately wasn't interesting. He didn't really say anything of note. Except I think he didn't get the meaning of one of the audiences questions which was framed in a baseball analogy. It was whether or not he would switch out people if they become innefective as Ashcroft, Rumsfeld, Wolfowiz, and Rice have. He eventually said he would...but instead of taking it one directly he used analogies...don't appologize for having a view. Just make sure it is informed and you will never go wrong. He was also asked about hunting and didn't really impress me on his gun policy, but he did say that if we enforced the current laws then we wouldn't need new ones...he took a pot shot at Dean because he has gotten an NRA endorcement in the past.   Clark  Clark...well he fell flat on his face. He simply wasn't able to articulate his ideas in the least. The question that you could tell he had problems with was GLBT issues (Gays, Lesbian, Bi-Sexual, Transgender)...he just didn't make a good impression.  In the end he is really a political puppet for the Clintons...and frankly once people realize that he will loose what support he has. Not that people don't love the Clintons...but it would be easy to make a case of hipocracy against him because we are making a big deal out of Bush being a puppet for Cheney or Rove. The knife cuts both ways and people need to realize that.   Sharpton  He continues to impress me on his ability to connect. I don't like him...but he at least is a real life person and not something mysterious. Not much to note although he was much more aggressive tonight than he has been.   Braun  She was very demured...very stately. Her answers were well thought out and easy to go with. I think she realizes she can't win but wants to bring her issues to the table anyways and maybe the candidate that does win will carry on the ideas.   Edwards  Not much to tell. Motivational...but that is about it.   Lieberman  He was at least more lifelike...less like a corpse. He needs to pull out. He really is to nice of a guy to be doing this. Also he is more like a republican than most republicans.   Kucinich  Ahh behold the dark horse. This little guy is the wildcard. He would be a Green party member but has the smarts to be a Dem.  His website.   Look over his policies. He is excitable and doesn't speak well but he has all the concrete ideas and has maps and plans to back them up. I have to give it to him. If candidacies were actually run on platforms and ideas this guy would get the nomination. He has so many ideas and goes after many things that don't make sense and would be better off changed for all of us. Of particular note is his "water for everyone" ideas, full gay marriage (he said that in the debate tonight and got perhaps the loudest set of cheers and applause), all sorts of things that would help us out. He has laid down the research for you to look at.  By far the best candidate for issues and ideas...but the worst because he is so far left of center that he almost crosses round the globe to opposite side...but I bet he is there flippin them the bird and telling them to pick up their styrofoam burger boxes.  Just check out the site.  For me I still support Dean, but in a close second for me is Kucinich...  Well that is it...