         Well my day here at the mall is nearly over thank blue glowy orb (you thought I forgot my promise of not using God and instead using Blue Glowy Orb)...well like I said it is almost over.  Today wasn't to terribly busy overall because therer wasn't much traffic in the mall...although we did do a pretty brisk business today. So I don't feel to bad just sitting on my ass all day long.  I also got a pay cut. Well she at least asked me before she cut it. Actually I am relieved because she was paying me way to much for what I actually do which consists of me getting here in the morning, opening the cart up, dusting (if I feel so inclined), and then just pretty much sitting here to people watch. Sometimes I sell something...but that isn't a guarantee.   It really is just kind of a dull around here. Although as I have said before I work with interesting people. The Israeli's next to me are pretty damn kewlio...and the Indians to the other side are great too.  It never fails to amaze me how many Israeli women this dude has working for him...I mean it is like a veritable eye candy sugar overload....so I guess I do enjoy myself a tad.  Also working in the mall is evil...but I do get to see all the hotties wandering around here...theree are some that I would just do very dirty things too...on Thursday there was this obious bit of jailbait strumpet...but damn did she have some legs on her. I wanted the to be wrapped around me...but that is illegal (to be fair I am pretty sure she was at least 17...maybe even legal...either way DAMN!!!!).  Well as I sit here and ponder what I will have for dinner (my mom is coming to take me out) I must reflect on some sad news out of Iraq.  16 US soldiers were killed today in a helicopter crash...well it was actually shot down. Another 20 or so were wounded.  The more time goes by the more I get angry about that whole mess. It is simply terrible that all thise guys up there in power (except Powell) basically did everything in their power to get out of Vietnam...and did so quite well. Yet they are the "patriots".  I can't wait for the 04' elections...so at least we all may have the ability to get this train wreck of a country back on track.  Once that happens maybe we can get back some of the good will the world once held towards us...but if we have another 4 years of this crap...we're screwed, and there ain't gonna be a kiss afterwards.