         Well this system has been actually running for almost a week straight on Windows Longhorn. Now for peeps running XP out there thay may not seem like such a long time...hell I had XP up for two week stretches at a time without much incident many times. However...Longhorn in its current form is still very very beta...as in they just got some of the features implemented...and not all of them work, but for it being an early beta it has been rock solid stable for the basics. I just simply haven't needed to reboot the system.  Now having said that it is starting to slow down even further...a result of one of many memory leaks I am sure. All OS's have memory leaks...it is just how well each OS deals with those leaks is how we end up with a good or bad experience. In the 9X platforms things would grind to a halt almost daily...you would need to restart and refresh the system. About every six months you would need to reformat and just do a general house cleaning on a system  NT was a little better in its various forms...the memory leaks it experienced were easy to deal with as the memory managers they built into the OS were a hell of a lot better at keeping things tidy. So if a program went rogue it was easy to terminate that process and free the memory it was using. That carried over to Windows 2000...and probably 2000 has been the best OS to come out of Microsoft. With NT systems it was and is common for them not to need rebooting but maybe every week or two...unless you got a virus or just liked messing around with tweaking your systems out...then you may be in for reboots daily regardless of the OS you choose.  XP is by logic an extension of 2000 and it inherited quite a stable of features...mainly reliability and usability...but it also inherited some of the nastiness of 9X series of OS's...that is Virii...that has been the bain of a one OS environment that Microsoft is quickly learning. To make a system that is easy for users to use...you have to ratchet down many of the native security features that XP Pro has and they ended up with Home...now the big problem is they are the same in almost every way but because you have the home version out there you essentially dumb down the people and make them lazy as to keeping their systems safe. If they were all getting the heavy corporate or pro edition with all the security turned on we could possibly cut down on the Virus plague.  With Longhorn Microsoft will attempt to do that...and really I hope they can do it...sure Microsoft is big, bad, evil, world dominating, and all that is wrong...but in the end they have brought computers to the masses. They have made it easy for grandma to get her email in many aspects.  Other os's are trying to get there too...and to be sure OSX is a great OS...really I will give Apple Credit where credit is due...they have great products...but because they are expensive they have marketed themselves out of the 400 dollar computer arena...which is where the growth is being seen.  Linux...great...another player. It is a great OS as well...but overall if something goes wrong there aren't many resources to go to and get help. The Linux community is its best asset and worst foe...most of the people in the Linux movement who are academics or are genuinely computer people are willing to help people out...then there are the toads that are elitist assholes who act as if you are a retard because you couldn't get your sound card to work. I have run into both..and that is why I run Windows...not because I am retarded but because if I need help I am not always sure that I can deal with ignorant pricks that instead of helping out will instead call me everything but white and call into question my experience with computers.  So what will the future hold...who knows...I hope that Microsoft can reform and play a little nicer...but I doubt it. They are competitors, they know what they want and they have the cash to get it. In being that they have been ruthless in the business...but also they have driven the competition to be better. If you failed in a war with them it was because you fell behind. Adobe Photoshop is the tops in photo editing...not because Microsoft doesn't have photo editing software...but because Adobe's product is superior...by far.  For me when Longhorn hit I will install it...I will run it...I will learn it. It is the future...and the future looks good even from this very early operational beta.  What the fuck was that post about?