         Had a long talk with Jesse tonight...I must say dude got his shit together real fast.  I make no bones about being extremely reserved in my early thinking about what all he wants to do. I still have things that I need to resolve for myself...not about his plans or about how is going about getting things together...but they are for me to resolve in my mind.  One of them is just plain fear of having not ever done what we are planning. It is this fear that I have of failing at things so I often don't even try...just to avoid the possibility of things failing.  Jesse put into me tonight on the phone the fire and desire to see this through...regardless of what happens.  For a long time I have been a believer in one simple tennant for personal success...and that is you have to make it for yourself. Most of the people that have gone places have done so with nothing more than a wing and a prayer...and so many have come out on top.  Well I am going to step in to uncharted territory and throw my energy behind his vision...not because I am just saying it...or paying lip service...but indeed I do believe in what he...and we will be attempting to do.  Sure there is a risk of failure in it all...there are always risks...risk comes with rewards...without risk we would have nothing.  So over the next few days I will have to write a bio on myself for some of the plans...and I will have to get down to business in trying to make lucrative contacts around abouts for support and ideas.  Jesse has laid out his plan...and it is good. From where he has it now I believe that we can make the vision a reality...and what a reality it will be.  So the next few days I have to get into a mode that will allow me to build up my personality...or rather my personality on paper. The next few weeks I will have to gather information to help me prepare for the next steps. The next few months I have to prepare myself to make some personal changes that will allow me to see this all through...and part of those choices have to do with doing my damndest to get healthy as this venture will most assuredly be hard on the body...not so much in a bad way...but because I will have to be on my A game all the time to do what we need to do.  I have a doctors appointment tomorrow and I will basically be like...look I have a lot coming up in the next few months...I need every drug that I can get my hands on to make myself healthy and still be able to function completely....give me the Anti-Biotic that makes me itchy...but in doing that get me pumped on the steroids and antihistamines as well...also get me something for the stiffness and general lack of energy that I have...get me performing at my peak so that I can throw all my energies at this venture.  This also means that I am going to have to hussle to get money together...which means I have to get off of my lazy ass and get some of this shit sold...save money...and just be ready to sprint into action when things are ready.  Jesse this goes out to you bro...I want to thank you for considering me in all this. I know that recently I have been dodgy about all of this. Yes it was because I had reservations...but I now believe in this with all my mind and heart...I am sure this is going to work. I am sure that we will be able to make this a go project. From this point on I am going to be that dude that is real, but is ready to run out into traffic and make things happen if it is needed. I am ready for this...you are ready for this. We have finally gotten to the points in our lives that we are ready to make things happen for ourselves and move on from our current positions.  Here's to the future...I tip my vodka tumbler. We are ready to go. Lets make this happen.