         It looks like the parts will be here on the 13th. YAY!  Tonight I saw my friend Carrie on Elimidate. Tonight was her nite to shine...and shine she did. Well sort of.  I love Carrie in the greatest way...I see her as the virginal girl that we all lust after...but with that side that you want...a dirty little secret side that only comes out in private...or at least that is what I think.  Well her Elimidate was just all wrong. Having been in the Pittsburgh area on and off over the past 6 years (all adult years...how weird) I rarely run across guys out there that are even somewhat intelligent.   Now I am not tooting my own horn...but I score very high on the IQ test...some tests I score in the 130's and in others up to 150. So I am by no means a dummy. However it seems that Pittsburgh is full of guys that are pretty much dumb as bricks...or celery...or whatever veggie you want to compare them too.  There were four guys on the show to win Carrie. The first was a Wrestling dude. He seemed a little different from the typical sort...he may not have been the brightest bulb on the tree...but he was at least somewhat coherant. Now as a guy that is comfortable in his sexuality this dude wasn't any great shakes in the looks department.  They had another dude on there that is in a Rockabilly Band here in the Burg. Unfortunately he may have been the most intelligent of the group...but the way the show was cut you maybe heard him say maybe a sentence or two. Plus my little Carrie didn't know what Rockabilly was.   Carrie...think of the Stray Cats...or rather think of Brian Setzer Orchestra (sp?) of "Jump, Jive, and Wail" fame...Brian was a founding member of the revival of Rockabilly in the Stray Cats. It is pretty good music that is catchy...a little bit nitchy...but hey it is musically better than most pop music. Download some of the Stray Cats...and you will get the jist of the beats that they use.  Now the next two guys were the "winners" of the pack. And I don't mean winner in a good way. First they are twins and between the two of them they may have enough brain matter to actually guide a rat through a maze...wait no strike that....they may have the combined brain power of your average orchid. I will give it to them in one way...they looked ok. Think of Oz from American Pie fame and you will get the idea.  Having known Carrie since she was a youngin...16...I have kinda seen her grow up over the years. She has turned out to be a beautiful woman and a great person. The show really didn't do her justice because of the editing.   Now here is where I need to get nasty about this whole affair. This is where I will go into a rant about women, men, and young people in general (including people in my own age group the mid-twenties).  I am getting rather tired of seeing pretty boys...(I'm no great shakes...but hell I ain't a dog). Pretty boys give all decent looking guys...and guys less than decent a real hard task to get anyone that we may desire. However what really gauls me is that these guys were just your typical wannabe frat boys...idiotic, dumb, retarded, and pack animals...not hunters but more like a gang of heinias (sp?). They really have no skill of talent of any sorts. Sure they will get through college (and finish unlike myself)..but it won't be because they are really all that bright...but because of the educational machine.   Now I will cast stones here. I am smart. I have spent a lot of time researching various topics and consider myself fairly informed on many subjects...and if you are lucky enough to meet me in person on a good day you will see that I am also a great orrator. I can take a subject that is hard to discuss and make it easy...not by dumbing it down to pander...but by bringing in lingo and jargon and explaining it to people...and I can add some humor to even the most boring or scary of topics. I take pride in the fact that I can get up in front of a group and give speeches that border on comedy...but it comes with a message. Very similar to Lewis Black (save the anger) and George Carlin (albeit without his vast knowledge of semantics and great command of the English language). I can take a subject and make it understandable. That is why I teach at my local library computer courses for the older people of the community. I always get compliments and have ended up with several clients from those sessions. Everytime I get up to be "the center of attention" I always make sure to include everyone and try to be accomodating to peoples needs. I need to please...that is my purpose.  I am also very good at debate...maybe that is where my other skills come from. I pride myself in being able to debate anything as long as I have some leadin to what the subject is...if it something I know a lot about then it will be a breeze to debate on that topic...if it is something I don't know much about then I attempt to educate myself about the topic. In doing this I take no position in the beginning. I look at facts and roll them into my own conclusions...that usually strikes a balance.  In having spent time honing these skills I have largely seperated myself from the social norms of my age range. Most of the people I know at my age are fairly settled...yet they are rather uninformed on many things. I have chosen to be a "geek" in the sense that I yearn for knowledge on things. I want to know all that I can and am always willing to listen to something new.  What has it gotten me? Well it hasn't made me the most popular person because it is hard to debate against people of my own age when I share little in common with them. Yeah sure I can kick back a few beers...or dozen...but I am not good a small talk. I have not honed that capability. Instead I have chosen to hone my skills in a more meaningful way. So I am rather dull at a party...unless I shred off my grown up attitude and become a kid and just have fun...which is hard for me to do right now with all that is wrong in the world.  Now wrapping it around to this Elimidate I found it disheartening that the future Men of America is not interested in anything further than they ends of their dicks. These boys (and no they weren't men) were out for ass...plain and simple. Is that wrong...hell no, but if you are gonna go out just to get ass do it with class at least. Don't be players...that is wrong. This crop of guys they chose were nothing short of the failings of our system.  Now I must focus on women. It is often said by women that they want: 1. A sensitive guy 2. A good looking guy 3. A smart guy 4. A good guy that treats them with respect 5. A non-player.  Now I know this because I hear it over and over again from my female friends...and they are all the ones who choose to go out with exactly the opposite of what they want. They end up getting treated like shit, then they cry about it to people like me. Don't get me wrong; I enjoy being there for my friends when they need support, but I am starting  to really get tired of the cliche'.  There are nice, funny, decent looking, smart, and considerate guys out there. Usually you are talking to one of them when things fall to shit. Those are the guys who are the catches out there...yet they are constantly overlooked for the pretty boy that will just use them for sex...or have the female as an accessory...much like a cool cell phone (I have one...and it is cool...but I don't need another cool thing to be hanging from me).  I have often said that I would give my left nut to be with some of the women that I console...and I would. Not because I want to bang them...(although being a guy and being programmed to breed through millenia of evolution sex would be great...but it is never nesecary to have that right off the bat)...instead I would just like to be that guy that they will look back on and say "jeesh he really was good to me and actually cared about me wholely and entirely."  That is what I want. I want someone who is my equal...a woman that can be intelligent, smart, beautiful, and sexy all rolled into one (as everyguy proffesses he wants..but in my case this is what I want)...I don't need eye candy...that is what internet porn is for when it comes down to it. I want someone who will complete me and fill that gap that I have.   Does this mean I am picky...yes to a degree...not really that much in the looks or sexy department...but I am extremely picky when it comes to the smarts of the person I want to spend time with.  I want to fawn over them...be there at their beck and call...yet I want the favor returned...I need for someone to bring me chicken soup when I am sick. I want someone who will be there when I am blue, but will let me be in that mood and not get mad because I don't snap out of it right away.  I am in a unique position I feel. I have CF...you can see it in the title. I will most likely die because of it. Actually I may die in a year...two years...who knows but I will die sooner rather than later at my current health decline rate. That puts me in a dilema of sorts...because I don't want for someone to become to attached because it would kill me to know that when I pass that person will have to mourn for me. That is worse than death to me.  That is part of why I don't actively seek a woman to share my life with.  Another reason and it is as plain as the nose on your face is that I don't have the energy to really persue anyone. I did that once and expent a lot of energy. I simply cannot do that..that puts my health at risk.  I want a comfortable relationship that when I pass it won't be so huge that anyone would be devastated...I would want to be remembered...but remembered in a good way as that I was good to people...and good to the people that I love and care for.  There is still someone who has my heart...and I don't give it freely...and it is only because she was my first love...and we all know what a bitch that is...you never can get rid of that first love.  I have room for another...and I would always be willing to entertain a new relationship with someone at anytime as long as I know what is expected up front.  I am not perfect...but I am not flawed...I am average and I just want to share myself and my life with someone.  I have one person that I would gladly invite back into my life at anytime and she knows it...I hope that would happen but I doubt that it would because I hurt her badly in the past...and yes I actually admit that it was my fault.  So Carrie...you know I love ya lots...I hope that you find someone that will be your equal...and know that I am always here.  Beth...you know that you are still engrained into me...you were there in the worst that I have been...and I greatly appreciate that. I would love to be together again...and of coarse you know that as well.  Will either of these things happen. I doubt it...but I can hope and dream can't I?  I just wanted to share this all and get it out there...because sometimes I find myself at a loss for words when in person...but I would ask that people look past the somewhat shy outer shell and see what is inside...because what is inside is beautiful...just like what I see in ya'll.  No this isn't a weirdo stalking thing...because while I of coarse care what you think...my life doesn't hinge on it...and regardless I will always be the same guy I have always been. A good decent young man.  On the finishing school thing..I would love too...and most people know that. Most people know that really all I lack are really about 30 credits to have several degrees...but I would hope that people would understand that at this point in my life I can't finish...my health won't allow for that no matter what happens...I would end up failing not on concept or knowledge...but on being there. That is why I haven't committed to finishing my degrees.  Here is what I could have if I applied my credits wisely and took some extra courses...BS in Computer Science, BA in History, BA in English, minors in GIS and Math. Its not that I don't know how to achieve these things...but it is because I physically can't do it. It would literally kill me.   This doesn't mean that I won't go places...I am working on that and have been working more and more. I am becoming rather succesfull in my own right. I work now, I have clients, and I have a growing base of knowledge from which I can make money. So while I failed at standard education...I have succeeded in life in my own small way.