         Well today has been pretty slow overall...we have done about a hundred in sales...give or take a few bucks...  We need to be making more...but ya know you can only trip so many people in a day...and you can only force them into wanting something that they don't need if they are in the mood to whip out the cash or credit card.  What really astounds me is how easily people pull out there credit cards to get shit. I mean whenever I pull out my credit card I feel guilty...usually because it is something that I don't have enough cash on me to afford...or something that I couldn't afford in the first place.  Like I placed my new phone on the credit card...240 bucks...no biggie really. I can pay that off in two weeks...and I have the money for it...but still I fealt guilty about putting the money on the card.  I paid my personal credit card today online...and that is good...just needed to get that out of the way...I have plenty left on it...not because it has a high limit but because I really don't put much on it. I put gas and bought some stuff online with it...but I got it paid down to only a few dollars of being paid off (in other words I will have it paid off in a month).  I guess I am lucky because I went through a really rough spot with credit cards...I had one that I ran up too about a thousand dollars...and I had family that helped me out...and in doing that I cut up all my cards and haven't had one in my own name for years...only about a month ago did I get one in my own name.  Now I have had a credit card attached to my grandmothers card...and that has a huge limit on it...but I haven't put anything on it (save for the phone) and last night we put about 640 bucks on it for computer stuff...of which my mom already gave her 500 towards it...now I just have to give her some money (for the phone and previous balance that I owe on it)...I have been pretty good with credit for a long time...in that I don't go out and spend mad amounts of money.   Everytime I want something I wait for a few days and debate it...usually I don't get it if I don't have the cash money for it...because I already know what it is to be in debt.  Overall not including my student loans (which will never get paid back) I owe around 6300 total (on my car and credit)..so I am in pretty good shape...oh not to mention my monthly phone bill which this month may be a little high.  I have made do with around 530 dollars a month for a long time now without really blowing loads of cash...granted I don't go anywhere...but at least I know that if I want to get something or go somewhere I have the credit available if I would like too...  Oh yeah and my house arrest...funny thing is that he didn't come back to put the anklet back on...instead he took the kit and cabootle with him...I just have to be in by 6PM (and really I am still technically on house arrest just without the anklet). He asked me if he could trust that I won't go running off or break the rules...which I won't run off...and as for rule breaking...I can never not do that...but I can adhere closely to them.  I think it came down to that I had it off almost a month because of going into the hospital...I think he just got tired of having to come out and do it every couple of weeks...plus it adds to their costs.  I should still be off of it by mid-December...only a few short weeks away.  Well my boss came by and I have a few things to do before the end of the evening...  Peace out ya'll.