         In his Dallas Morning News editorial,   Bishops Ignore Their Burning Houses  (requires free registration), Rod Dreher takes bishops to task for not preaching about Church teachings or encouraging priests to do so.  The results of such policies are put in a nutshell in this quote from an article by Fr. J. Wilson for  The Wanderer .   "They may come to Mass, but they are, sadly, never really fed, never really formed in the Catholic faith," the priest says. "And their attitudes and values morph into what we would expect of amiable pagans."   This is exactly what I have seen. I have attended the same parish for 10 years, the last 4 of which I have been Catholic. I have quite a few friends who wish we had more Church teachings in homilies. Partly they would like it as support and partly they would like it so they have help in how to actually live them in the various situations that arise. They don't say it very loud because they love our priest and don't want to seem disloyal. I think he would be surprised at how many people wish for it though.  If we heard more about Church teachings and how they relate to our every day lives from the pulpit perhaps my 8th grader wouldn't be the only one who knows and  defends  them at recess. Yes, Catholic school kids actually do talk about things like abortion, gay marriage and sex before marriage on the playground. My daughter is the only one who ever states any view opposite to popular culture. This is not the fault of the religion teacher or classes. It is because their parents, the biggest influence in their lives, either do not believe or do not know what the Church teaches.  This problem goes beyond problems in living our lives within the context of popular culture. I was dumbfounded recently when about one-third of a large group of young, faithful Catholic women didn't know that Mary always stayed a virgin and Jesus didn't have siblings. This might not seem like much to non-Catholics but it is a major belief about Mary. The two who did the most explaining and defense of the teaching were converts ... people who had to actively go out and seek the information. What is worse, several of the uninformed had deliberately helped with RCIA classes so they would know more about their faith. One friend said that was where Bible study came in handy. How many people are going to sit down and start reading up on Church teachings? Not many and certainly not if they are young women with more to do, as most of these were.  We need to hear what the Church teaches and how it relates to our lives. Thanks to Rod Dreher for bringing this into the public forum in Dallas.