         Today's reading from   In Conversation with God  is amazingly timely what with various Catholic politicians loudly patting themselves on the back for distancing themselves from Church teachings in their jobs. It discusses what having Jesus as the cornerstone really means in our everyday lives. As most of us already know the cornerstone actually is what we would call a keystone ... the essential point that everything is built around and without which a building would collapse. All our actions and decisions should be enlightened by Christ. "What would Jesus do?" is a worn out cliche right now but essentially it is how Christians are to live. No excuses. Period.  It is Christ who gives meaning to the way his followers think and live. Thus it would not makes sense at all if we set aside the supervening and determining fact that we are Christians whenever we have to judge a work of art or a political programme, whenever we have to carry out some business deal or plan our holidays ...  Error is often presented decked out in the noble garments or art, science or freedom ... But faith has to be, indeed is, stronger than error. It is the powerful light that enables us to see, lurking behind what appears to be good, the evil that lies hidden beneath the surface of an otherwise good literary work, of a beauty that conceals ugliness. It is Christ who must be the cornerstone of every building...  In this way we will never think of our faith as a limiting factor -  I can't do this, I can't go there.  Rather it will be a light that enables us to recognize the reality of things and events,without ever forgetting that the devil will try to make an ally of human ignorance (which cannot see the complete reality contained in this literary work or in that doctrine) and of the pride and concupiscence that all of us drag along behind us. Christ is the crucible that assays the gold there is in all human things. Anything that does not stand up to the testing clarity of his teaching is a lie and deceptive, even though it may be adorned with the appearance of some attractive good or perfection.