          Sometimes the Truth Hurts   I constantly am surprised by people who are furious that their pro-choice stance is equated to being pro-abortion. Before I converted and began reading Church teachings, I also was pro-choice. I knew it meant supporting abortion but I didn't have any problem with that. I wasn't sure if God existed much less if that little cluster of cells had a soul. What was a soul anyway? How could anyone really know the truth? I saw it as support for personal freedom.  Now I am a Catholic and have a better understanding of freedom. After a  lot  of reading how this issue goes back to God's commandments I am solidly pro-life. Why this sudden declaration of belief? I read letter to the  Dallas Morning News  titled  Not Pro-abortion . The author was upset that the March for Women's Lives was presented as a "pro-abortion rally" by the  DMN . He gave a rundown of the varying types of people who accompanied him on the March. He had a none too logical but spirited list of other issues pro-choice people support. The problem is that his list was full of things like contraception and family planning. To a pro-lifer, these are just code for abortion in different forms.  First I got angry. Then I reread that letter and began to see that he just didn't know how to read the code. No wonder the poor guy was so upset. The real issue has been so blurred and obscured that pro-choice people often haven't got a clue just what they really  are  supporting. The "Father of All Lies" has done a great job on this one. They hear the truth and they don't like what they hear. Either they are fanatically devoted to "the cause" because it is all they have or they have been duped. Neither is pleasant to discover.  I have friends on all sides of this issue. The difference between my pro-choice friends and the letter writer is that they generally are open to questioning and discussing various matters. When this is done in friendship and charity on both sides it often opens people's eyes. If nothing else it can plant those seeds of knowledge for later growth.  Never have I better understood the power of truth. I have met Him and He has set me free. I am glad I read that letter. I now have a new compassion for the angry pro-choice supporters. Certainly I will be praying for that letter writer and all those like him.