         The May issue of Crisis has a fantastic article by Archbishop John J. Myers,  The Church vs. the Culture: The Score Thus Far . It is one of the best and most even handed pieces I've ever read on the culture war. I have read Peter Kreeft's  How to Win the Culture War  and  Ecumenical Jihaad . I liked both books and especially appreciated the passion and immediacy brought to the subject. However, this article pulls back from that stance to offer historical perspective while reminding us of the necessary solution.  Archbishop Myers states the problem in a nutshell.   The process of secularization has reduced many people's view of religion. God is seen only as a source of personal comfort. Any claims beyond this (there is truth, there is right and wrong, God will judge how we act, etc.) impinge upon absolute freedom and thus are illegitimate.  If liberty defined as license is the chief value ("to do what I want whenever I want to do it"), whatever God is understood to be, He cannot make any real demands on us. If God does have power over us and makes demands on us, then we are in fact not "free."  ...But God is not a threat to freedom. In fact, true freedom can only be found in Him. For in, with, and through Jesus, we discover who we really are. We discover our supreme vocation and ourselves. We become sons and daughters in the Son. We discover our Father and our true home. We are changed by His power. But to believe that change is possible and desirable, one must reject the insipid mantra of the therapeutic society: "I'm OK; you're OK." I am most definitely  not  OK. You are not OK. We are all sinners in need of a Savior.   Then he reminds us that we are the solution to the problem by quoting the Holy Father's apostolic letter  Novo Millennio Ineunte .    It is not a matter of inventing a "new program". The program already exists: it is the plan found in the Gospel and the living Tradition; it is the same as ever. Ultimately, it has its center in Christ himself, who is to be known, loved and imitated, so that in him we may live the life of the Trinity, and with him transform history until its fulfillment in the heavenly Jerusalem. This is a program which does not change with shifts of time and cultures, even though it takes account of time and culture for the sake of true dialogue and effective communication.   We still have to figure out how to apply this personally to each situation that we encounter daily. However, that always is the case. It is heartening to have these reminders that we are not facing anything that has not been faced by Christians since the beginning.