         This is from my brother who is in Baghdad right now. After reading this e-mail, I am prouder than ever of him and our soldiers.    News from the field...the REAL deal   The 1st AD soldiers, who were extended by 4 months after spending a year in this hellhole of a dustpit called Iraq that nobody in their right mind would want, are responding as you would expect soldiers and true Americans to respond.  The first three days or so after they were told of the extension they complained and grumbled.  This is after they were both just days away from leaving Iraq or were in Kuwait cleaning their vehicles for the ship to go home to Germany.  Some of them had a couple of weeks leave during the last year to go and "visit" their families.  But even so, after the three days of complaints, they dusted themselves off (as much as is possible) and got back on their steel horses and continued the mission.  In the chow hall tonight I had the opportunity to talk with two of these fine troops.  One was a Specialist (E4) and the other was a Private First Class (E3).  They took it all in stride and told me simply that it was their mission, and that they accept it and of course, they wish they could have left, but there is still work to do and they would do it.  This was from two guys who were probably no more than 21 years old (if that.)  How many of the youth you have dealt with in the last two days or weeks would be up to as much?  Probably more than you would think.  There are a couple of points I want to make here.  The Army is not a last resort for the lower classes who have no education or motivation and are looking for "legitimized" welfare.  The soldiers who are here are committed to YOUR security.  By fighting the terrorist on their home turf, we don't have to fight them on ours. These guys know what commitment is and are ready to stand by their word.  These are YOUR Americans.  They do this for YOU and for our families.  I doubt that I would have been as good as these guys, were I 20 and in their position.  I would ask that you take a look at yourself, and make sure that you enjoy your way of life so that soldiers willing to commit time away from their homes for the security of ours are not doing it in vain.  When you have a problem that just makes you mad or scared, remember us in Iraq, and know that you can just take a breath, and maybe your problems won't look so horrible after all.  In the end it is all about us, Americans, and how we respond to adversity.  On a closing note to my ranting here, I recently had a bite to eat with a very high ranking British officer who said that out of all the things he has seen here in Iraq, he is most impressed with the manner in which the American soldiers carry themselves, especially the ones who were extended while on their way home.  Time magazine finally picked the right people of the year...