         Oswald Sobrino at Catholic Analysis always is thought provoking but never more so than in his Memorial Day Weekend essay   Defeatism, Original Sin, and Emotional Pacifism . Sobrino considers the war in Iraq, the media's defeatist attitude and the penchant for pacifism when the need is to actively fight evil. The entire piece is wonderful and well worth reading. The capper comes with this quote by C.S. Lewis from a radio broadcast in Great Britain during World War II. It is revealing that we face the same moral issues today that were being addressed then in the heat of a great war. We have not advanced the way some would like to believe.  Does loving your enemy mean not punishing him? No, for loving myself does not mean that I ought not to subject myself to punishment-- even to death. If one had committed a murder, the right Christian thing to do would be to give yourself to the police and be hanged. It is, therefore, in my opinion, perfectly right for a Christian judge to sentence a man to death or a Christian soldier to kill an enemy. I always have thought so, ever since I became a Christian, and long before the war. There's no good quoting "Thou shalt not kill." There are two Greek words: the ordinary word to kill and the word to murder. And when Christ quotes that commandment He uses the murder one in all three accounts, Matthew, Mark, and Luke. And I am told there is the same distinction in Hebrew. All killing is not murder any more than all sexual intercourse is adultery. When soldiers came to John the Baptist asking what to do, he never remotely suggested that they ought to leave the army: nor did Christ when He met a Roman sergeant-major--what they called a centurion. The idea of the knight--the Christian in arms for the defence of a good cause--is one of the great Christian ideas. War is a dreadful thing, and I can respect an honest pacifist, though I think he is entirely mistaken.  What I cannot understand is this sort of half pacifism you get nowadays which gives people the idea that though you have got to fight, you ought to do it with a long face and as if you were ashamed of it.  It is that feeling that robs lots of magnificent young Christians in the Services of something they have a right to, something which is the natural accompaniment of courage--a kind of gaiety and whole-heartedness.   C.S. Lewis, Christian Behaviour: A Further Series of Broadcast Talks (N.Y.: Macmillan, 1950), pp. 41-42 (originally published in 1943)(bold emphasis added).