         When watching our bishop's various shenanigans, I often have remarked to my husband that I wouldn't mind as much that our bishop doesn't show us any love if only he was a halfway decent business manager. But its pretty obvious that he can't run a business very well either. Yes, I know that's a very simple take on it but so often the truth is very simple.  The recent DMN expose about moving priests who are sexual predators gave rise to an intense comments boxes discussion over at   Catholic and Enjoying It . Father Shane Tharp (  Catholic Ragemonkey ) unwittingly supported my long-held "bad business manager" theory about American bishops. He also had some very interesting observations about the behavior of offender priests. I quote his comment in its entirety here but it is well worth reading the entire conversation thread.  In many cases, the offender priest tends to isolate himself from his brother clerics, hence he never shows up for diocesan functions, etc. If the offending priest did, then he might accountable to someone or at least, he runs the risk of being noticed as being up to something, i.e. strange behavior. This applies to priests struggling with alcoholism and a host of other problems. But in their parishes or particular assignments, they are adored. That charism Amy referred to comes shining through.  So what you have is a guy who doesn't let those who could help him or expose his problem see him, while those he can bamboozle are left in the dark.  Yes, I recognize that this is a gross simplification, but what can I do? I have only limited time.  I think that for the most part, we have to chalk up a lot of this to a lack of episcopal identity. The bishop thought he was a middle manager. So long as problems could be kept quiet or he didn't hear about it, then he didn't have to act. This attitude stands in marked contrast to the NT vision which makes him overseer and captain of the ship.  Again, I recognize it's a vast oversimplification. Take it for what it's worth.