         AN ACCEPTABLE LEVEL OF VALUE OF HUMAN LIFE  Holland's Minister of Public Health, Mrs. Borst, recently spoke about a handicapped child who was killed after being born. (By the way, "borst is a Dutch word for "breast," but in the minister's case, she seems to have no heart beating in hers.) She said that, according to penal law, it is murder, but the Officer of Justice will not prosecute in this case because the mortal injection was given by the doctor after consultation with the parents. In any case, she declared this child had little chance of "achieving an acceptable level of value of human life."  I saw some of this quote on   Fiat Mihi  when I was cruising the blogosphere today. The blog deliberately didn't list a source, which is just about as good a way as declaring it invalid as any I know of. Given the horrific nature of what I read, I was intensely curious so I went a "Googling" and found it on the first try in an article,   Hellish Holland , written by a priest chronicling his experiences in minstering to a society where euthanasia and suicide basically are lifestyle choices. Possibly the reason no source was given was because it was in a Society of St. Pius X newsletter. I know they are out of communion with the Roman Catholic Church but that does not have anything to do with the validity of this priest's experiences.  Further research turned up a plethora of articles about the nature of euthanasia and suicide in Holland. I had a vague idea that things were bad there but had no idea how bad. An   interview  with the Dutch Minister of Health reveals that she views euthanasia and suicide as quality of life decisions. It was chilling to read about the grandmotherly figure speaking of helping out 95 year olds who had no health problems but were "bored with life."  Holland is like the test case for how it will go for the Terri Schiavos of the world and anyone else who is inconvenient to those who have any power over them. After looking through a lot of those articles I would be willing to say that God has been bringing good from Terri Schiavo's sad situation by using it to bring public awareness of what a slippery slope we are poised on. Perhaps this is something that everyone else is well informed about but I had no idea. Once again, I have to ask the question ... why isn't the media telling us about this?  If you want to read more,   International Task Force on Euthanasia and Assisted Suicide  is a good place to get started.  An excellent book that addresses the issue of quality of life is   The Power of the Powerless: A Brother's Legacy of Love  by Christopher De Vinck. This book together with the prominence of the Terri Shiavo case are what have had the greatest influence on my opinions about our utter lack of ability to really judge the quality of life for another person.