          by Rose Davis, Valedictorian   Good evening. Before we honor ourselves, let us honor those around us. First, thank you to Father Libone who, with Mrs. Lucas, has nicely finished off our well-rounded religious education by treating us to Mass twice a week and Confession four times a year. You have single-handedly saved us from half an hour of Science and History every Monday. Next, thank you to Mrs. Frauenheim, the staff, and our teachers, past and present, especially Ms. Tharp and Mr. Rogers who managed to fit an extra half-hour of class in on Tuesday. Thank you to all the parents, who have not only brought us into the world, but have threatened to take us out of it, ensuring our success and obedience.  Thank you lastly to the coaches, for although I do not know you personally, I have heard you are quite good.  Tonight we are being honored for what we have achieved here, for what can be recognized and printed on to paper. But every one of us here has done great things that may never be recognized, even by ourselves. Each one of those great things has touched someone in a way we cannot see. Those who are not receiving their recognition now, it will come later when it is most important.  There are many conflicting feelings about the future and about the past, about what will happen and about what has happened. When we leave here we will think wistfully about our memories, good and bad, and then turn to the future. But as long as we have the memories we will never truly leave.    Our lives are filled with stories. Sometimes, they mean nothing and sometimes they mean everything. But no matter how insignificant the story may seem, it is a part of us. It makes us who we are. Every experience, every person that touches our lives leaves their own individual mark, even those that are not here with us today. And though we may not remember them twenty years from now, they’re still there.   Now it is time for things to change. Even in the loneliest times we will still be there for each other through what we have shared over the years. Our memories are intertwined and parts of our stories are the same, but to dwell in the past will bring nothing but sorrow. We are still writing our stories.