         I remember when I read the  Envoy  article   Looking for God in all the wrong places ... like KOLOB . An expose of true Mormon beliefs, it seemed so outrageous that I really had a hard time believing that Mormons were very well educated in their faith. How could you really believe that we are the "spirit children" of God who lives with his wife on the planet Kolob? Or that, if you live a devout life you'll get your own planet and "spirit children" when you die? Along comes Bob McCue, a former Mormon, to tell us what it is really like. Lo and behold, that article was true.   Bob McCue's Website  has the very open and honest writing of a man who thought long and hard before leaving his religion. I have not read everything there but plan to go back and look at all the entries. Most interesting to me is that McCue has posted not only post-Mormon writings but also those he wrote when he was a devout believer.  First, I began to break the Mormon rule that everything not supportive of the Mormon faith should be avoided. This led me to Mormon history as the professional historians write it - incredibly, at age 45 with three university degrees, a new genre for me. I quickly realized that I had been misled as to how Mormonism started, and hence what it was. I saw a pattern of Mormon leadership deception going back to Mormonism's beginnings with Joseph Smith, and was physically ill for months as I adjusted to this reality.  The suppressed aspects of Mormon history that most troubled me indicated many instances in which Mormon leaders deceived their followers and the public about important matters. Joseph Smith was the worst in this regard. His tendency to lie when in a tight spot bears a striking resemblance to the habits of shady stock promoters I have met in my legal practice.  I was particularly distressed by Smith's practice of using his authority as a religious leader to persuade women, including many who were married as well as young teenagers, to have sex with him. Smith denied the rumours that swirled around him in this regard for well over a decade, and indicated that God instructed him to lie because the people were not ready to hear the "truth" - that polygamy was God's eternal law and that all who wished salvation must obey it.  The main features of this sordid chapter in Mormon history are not disputed by knowledgeable Mormon leaders or scholars, when put on the spot. The facts are confirmed by multiple reliable sources, including affidavits given by many of Smith's "spiritual wives" that the Church itself collected shortly after he died. Mormons, at that time, were proud of polygamy. These affidavits settled a dispute with a splinter group as to when, how and by whom, polygamy was initially practiced. Mormon scripture today teaches that polygamy will be required of those who dwell with God in the highest realm of heaven, all of whom will be Mormon. Ironically, throughout most of Smith's life while he practiced polygamy, Mormon scripture expressly forbade it. This was part of the "people are not ready for the truth yet" public relations program Smith was running in those days.  Second, I was told by the Mormon leadership that I could believe what I wanted and remain a member of the Mormon Church. However, I could not speak to anyone outside of my immediate family about what I had discovered, regardless of their historical legitimacy.  And third, I thought that in spite of its untrustworthy beginning Mormonism perhaps had become worthwhile. So, I carefully considered the various significant teachings that distinguish Mormonism from other religions and wisdom traditions. This persuaded me that my family and I would likely be much better off without the advice of Mormon leaders.  Via   Bene Diction Blogs On  by way of   blogs4God