         Maybe its just me or (more likely) its the times we are living in ... it seems as if every time I read indictments from Jesus about being lukewarm, etc. It seems to apply directly to Catholic politicians or a lot of bishops. This morning's reading from   In Conversation with God  could have been written directly to those groups. But they are not the only ones Christ was talking to. He was talking to His followers ... us. Even more important is the need for self examination in light of this reading. Each of us is that shake of salt that makes a big difference as we lead our lives in the midst of our increasingly secular society. It is up to us to not become useless.  The first Christians were true  salt of the earth,  and they preserved people and institutions - the whole of society from corruption. What can it be that has happened in so many nations? Why is it that Christians should now be giving the sad impression that they are unable to slow down and halt that wave of corruption that is bursting in on the family, on schools and on institutions ...? The Faith is still the same. And Christ lives among us now just as He did previously. His power is still infinite - divine.  Only the lukewarmness of so many thousands, indeed millions, of Christians, explains how we can offer to the world the spectacle of a Christianity that allows all kinds of heresies and stupidities to be propounded within itself. Lukewarmness destroys the strength and endurance of the Faith, and is the soulmate, in both a personal and a collective way, of compromise and of a spirit of comfort-seeking  (P. Rodriguez,  Faith and Life of Faith ). It is difficult to explain many of the things that happen nowadays at a personal and at a public level if we do not bear in mind that so many people who should be awake, watchful and attentive have allowed their Faith to fall asleep; love has been snuffed out in so very many hearts. In many spheres, the "normal Christian" now generally means someone who is lukewarm and mediocre. Among the first Christians the "normal Christian" meant one who lived the  heroism of each day,  and when the occasion presented itself, accepted martyrdom itself: it could and did mean very often the surrender of one's very life in defense of the Faith...  Love was, and is, the moving force in the life of the saints. It is the whole  raison d'etre  of every life dedicated to God. Love makes us unyielding when confronted by setbacks. Lukewarmness gives up at the slightest difficulty (a visit, a conversation, the lack of some material means...) It makes mountains out of molehills. Love for God, on the other hand, makes a molehill out of a mountain; it transforms the soul, gives it new lights and opens up new horizons for it; it makes the soul capable of achieving its highest desires and gives it capacities it had never as much as dreamed of possessing.