            HARRY POTTER VS. GANDALF  An in-depth analysis of the literary use of magic in the works of J. K. Rowling, J. R. R. Tolkien, and C. S. Lewis by Steven D. Greydanus  This came up as a topic of conversation the other day as the third Harry Potter movie is set to hit the screens. I was trying to dredge up the reasons that Christians see Harry Potter's magic as dangerous while having no problem with the magic in The Lord of the Rings and wound up going back to this excellent article. I have printed it out to reread as most of it has faded but thought I'd link to it here for anyone else who is interested. I stand by my defense of the Harry Potter books but I actually have read them (unlike many nay-sayers of the books), or at least the first four which is all my children were interested in. They have moved on but I think that the distinctions made in this article are of value to keep in mind.  In fact, I have below outlined seven specific literary characteristics common to Tolkien’s and Lewis’s fiction — above and beyond the fantasy nature of the magic itself — that have the net effect of limiting and restricting the role of magic in their fantasy worlds, essentially acting as barricades or hedges between magic and the reader, in effect saying: "Magic is not for the likes of us." Any reader of these books who might be at risk for developing a dangerous attraction to the idea of magic would find in these literary barricades, these hedges, a strong corrective for that temptation. Furthermore, none of these "hedges" are found in "Buffy" or The Craft — or the Harry Potter books...  At the very least, then, these seven "hedges" disprove the claim of some Harry Potter fans that parents cannot consistently disapprove of the magic in Harry Potter while approving of Tolkien and Lewis. There is no slippery slope here, but a substantial differentiation. One may still choose to accept Harry Potter as well as Tolkien and Lewis — or one may choose to reject them all — but at any rate there’s no arguing that acceptance of Tolkien and Lewis is inconsistent with rejection of Harry Potter