         Oswald Sobrino at  Catholic Analysis  takes a long, hard look at the blog as an economic model in   Blogs: Economic Theory at its Best . His conclusion? They are very close to being "the economist's ideal of perfect competition in which the consumer rules." The article is a fascinating look at economic principles applied to something that requires only time as the unit of economy.  One of the most interesting ideas is found when the focus turns to the connection between economics and Catholic analysis. There is a clear reminder that the honest pursuit of truth is one of the most Catholic of all endeavors. This is contrary to the way the Catholic Church often is portrayed nowadays so it is well worth noting. And, although Sobrino does not specifically mention it, most Catholic blogs are generated from that very pursuit of truth. They either share the truth with others or are an open invitation to share the blogger's journey of discovery.    But what does this economics excursion have to do with Catholic analysis? The Catholic view is that truth is one and that all truth reflects the Creator who is Truth. So when we use our rational nature as persons created in the image of God to shed light on God's universe, whether in economics or physics, we are approaching, however imperfectly, the perfect Truth who is God.  Nothing genuinely intellectual is alien to Catholicism. The Council of Trent made this clear:  Though faith is above reason, there can never be any real discrepancy between faith and reason. Since the same God who reveals mysteries and infuses faith has bestowed the light of reason on the human mind, God cannot deny himself, nor can truth ever contradict truth." Source: Catechism of the Catholic Church, section 159.  Vatican II reaffirmed this Catholic outlook on human knowledge:  Consequently, methodical research in all branches of knowledge, provided it is carried out in a truly scientific manner and does not override moral laws, can never conflict with faith, because the things of the world and the things of faith derive from the same God. The humble and persevering investigator of the secrets of nature is being led, as it were, by the hand of God in spite of himself, for it is God, the conserver of all things, who made them what they are.