         Read this chilling account by   Annie Jacobson  at "Women's Wall Street." While flying together, she and her family witnessed what was either a dry run for 14 terrorists practicing making a bomb in the airplane bathroom ... or an aborted bombing attempt, which I consider more probable.  On June 29, 2004, at 12:28 p.m., I flew on Northwest Airlines flight #327 from Detroit to Los Angeles with my husband and our young son. Also on our flight were 14 Middle Eastern men between the ages of approximately 20 and 50 years old. What I experienced during that flight has caused me to question whether the United States of America can realistically uphold the civil liberties of every individual, even non-citizens, and protect its citizens from terrorist threats.  ... The take-off was uneventful. But once we were in the air and the seatbelt sign was turned off, the unusual activity began. The man in the yellow T-shirt got out of his seat and went to the lavatory at the front of coach -- taking his full McDonald's bag with him. When he came out of the lavatory he still had the McDonald's bag, but it was now almost empty. He walked down the aisle to the back of the plane, still holding the bag. When he passed two of the men sitting mid-cabin, he gave a thumbs-up sign. When he returned to his seat, he no longer had the McDonald's bag.  Then another man from the group stood up and took something from his carry-on in the overhead bin. It was about a foot long and was rolled in cloth. He headed toward the back of the cabin with the object. Five minutes later, several more of the Middle Eastern men began using the forward lavatory consecutively. In the back, several of the men stood up and used the back lavatory consecutively as well.  For the next hour, the men congregated in groups of two and three at the back of the plane for varying periods of time. Meanwhile, in the first class cabin, just a foot or so from the cockpit door, the man with the dark suit - still wearing sunglasses - was also standing. Not one of the flight crew members suggested that any of these men take their seats  Watching all of this, my husband was now beyond anxious...    There is no doubt in my mind that racial profiling  must  be used to keep us safe. I didn't doubt this right after Sept. 11 and this article just makes it more imperative in my mind.   Also a  must read  about this whole incident is   The Mighty Barrister , whose always excellent commentary fleshes out the whole picture. That is where I saw this story. Thanks Mighty B!