         The July/August issue of   Crisis  is out and it really has some great articles ... "Breaking Vows: When Faithful Catholics Divorce," "The Death of Morality," a surprising column by Colleen Carroll Campbell about the joy her father brings others even though he is in the throes of Alzheimer's.  The article that struck me most, though, was "After the Council: Living Vatican II," which discusses how to fully implement the council teachings. In these days when every Church problem is blamed on Vatican II and American Catholics wonder if there will ever be a time without strife within the Church, it is nice to see that this is not an anomaly in Church history. It gives me great hope.  But history has even more important lessons. Christopher Dawson once identified six great periods of Church history, and each one begins with a crisis. Nearly all of the 21 ecumenical councils have upset the church's equilibrium. The aftermaths of Nicea and Chalcedon shook the Church to the foundations in a way that makes recent decades look like a tea party. That most of the Church didn't immediately "get" the teachings of Vatican II also has ample precedent. The same thing happened after the Council of Trent, whose decrees were ignored in France for almost a century. St. Augustine reminds us that the work of the Holy Spirit in the church is slow, often imperceptible, but without interruption.  And just as the Council of Trent was implemented - in fact, rescued - by a few great popes, especially St. Pius V, we now have in the pontificate of John Paul II the council's definitive interpretation. One reason for Wojtyla's election in 1978 was the conclave's awareness of his vigorous promotion of the council's decrees in the Archdiocese of Krakow.  ...This pope has taken the documents of Vatican II for what they are: marching orders for the new millennium. And he has expanded their richness and application. Whoever the next pope may be, he won't have to do much writing ... They have touched enough intelligent Catholics, especially among the laity, to change the church in the long run. This is how the Holy Spirit works. Two thousand years have taught us the Church's remarkable recuperative powers. And whether it was the sixth or the 16th century, spiritual renewal has always been a matter of grassroots movements inspired by and working with the papacy. The difference now is that whereas for Gregory the Great and Pius V the agents of evangelization were monks or Jesuits, for John Paul II it will be the laity.  Get a copy of "Crisis" now or check out the article when it is posted on their website after the next issue comes out.