         Islam is something that all of us are going to wind up knowing more about. The question is what type of information will help form our opinions? I recently came across material from three independent sources. Although all took very even handed looks at Islam, the conclusion reached was at odds with the picture I have gotten from the general media ... you know, the religion of peace that practically goes hand-in-hand with Judaism and Christianity except for a few glitches.   First I read an article in the May   Commentary  magazine that examines Islam from a strictly secular point of view to see what sort of a religion it really is. The conclusion is that, contrary to what we usually hear from many official Church spokesman, it is  not  grounded in divine revelation. The article is doubly interesting because in the process the author also examines the development of the Catholic Church's two stated opinions about Islam. The first opinion was agreed upon by St. Augustine and St. Thomas Aquinas who both outright rejected it.  ...Aquinas argues that Muhammad was a seducer of men whose commandments appeal only to the carnal appetites; that the truths he taught are of the lower variety, suited to vulgar minds; that mixed in with these truths are teachings of a fabulous nature that utterly compromise them; and that the plausibility of his doctrines rested on the power of his weapons - a characteristic he shared with brigands and tyrants. As for Muhammad's use of the Old and New Testaments, he disfigured them both with mythical concoctions while forbidding his followers to read the originals. In sum, "those who place their faith in his word believe mindlessly."  What Kind of Religion is Islam? Alain Besancon   The second opinion arose from an effort to meet Muslims in such a way that they would accept the Church's arguments. As early as 1390 a new style of debating with Muslims arose that avoided discussions assuming Christianity's basic assurance that it is the right way to reach God ... through Jesus Christ. This essentially put both religions on equal footing and led the way for the more politically correct emphasis seen in modern times.  I was very interested to see that the conclusions of this secular article were practically identical to one I had read soon after September 11 from the apologetics magazine, Envoy,   ISLAM: A Religion of Peace?  This article went into more details about the basics of Islamic belief as it was helping set up the basis for any discussions readers might find themselves in with Muslims. Certainly it supported the idea that Islam has differences from Christianity on a very basic level.  The Qur'an states that Jesus never died on the Cross. Muslims claim that crucifixion is not fitting for a prophet of Allah. Islam teaches that God has no Son and that the Incarnation is a blasphemous offense against the unity of God. Just as significantly, Islam cannot account for suffering and sacrifice, and that is the crucial difference between it and Christianity. It is the choice between humble self-sacrifice and dominating power. It is the difference between peace and violence.  Imagine my surprise when recently I read what Pope John Paul II wrote about Islam in   Crossing the Threshold of Hope . This book has been amazing overall because it showed me that the Pope has his finger on the pulse of the average person, something that is hard for me to imagine as I always think of him being closeted away from average folk. Having read those articles was very helpful because I could recognize that not only did Our Holy Father know all that they had written about but he could express it succinctly and wisely. The heart of the matter is shown here.  Whoever knows the Old and New Testaments, and then reads the Koran, clearly sees the  process by which it completely reduces Divine Revelation.  It is impossible not to note the movement away from what God said about Himself, first in the Old Testament through the Prophets, and then finally in the New Testament through His Son. In Islam all the richness of God's self-revelation, which constitutes the heritage of the Old and New Testaments, has definitely been set aside.  Some of the most beautiful names in the human language are given to the God of the Koran, but He is ultimately a God outside of the world, a god who is  only Majesty, never Emmanuel,  God-with-us.  Islam is not a religion of redemption.  There is no room for the Cross and the Resurrection. Jesus is mentioned, but only as a prophet who prepares for the last prophet, Muhammad. There is also mention of Mary, His virgin Mother, but the tragedy of redemption is completely absent. For this reason not only the theology but also the anthropology of Islam is very distant from Christianity. ( Crossing the Threshold of Hope  by Pope John Paul II, pages 92-93.)  All this is a rather cursory look at an obviously complex issue. However, it has become clear that I need to read more. The question is where to go from here?