         WHAT THE VATICAN REALLY SAID ABOUT POLITICIANS AND COMMUNION Cardinal Ratzinger's letter to the bishops has gotten out and (surprise!) it is very specific about refusing Communion to pro-abortion politicians.   When these precautionary measures have not had their effect...and the person in question, with obstinate persistence, still presents himself to receive the Holy Eucharist, the minister of Holy Communion must refuse to distribute it.  As practically everyone in St. Blog's already has pointed out, this is very far from Cardinal McCarrick's lukewarm version of what they were told. I'd say more but Domenico Bettinelli says it so much better. Go read about it at   Bettnet .  IF IT QUACKS LIKE A DUCK...   Erik's Rants and Recipes  has a few choice words for people who don't like labels.  I don't trust people who make a big deal of not liking labels. You know the type:  "Oh, I don't like labels, it just simplifies what I believe, etc., etc."  In the matter of how one lives one's faith, a professed avoidance of labels invariably means that the label-hater is a heretic.  BRINGING THE GOSPEL TO THE WORLD Nominated for my "worst homily ever" award is the one we heard in Austin ... a mishmash of social concerns which I believe the priest thought was appropriate because it was a patriotic day. If only he had related any of it to the Gospel or given any practical advice on how to do it beyond telling us to vote.   Catholic Analysis'  thoughts about Sunday's readings did a much better job.  Today, we have the tendency to be much more accepting of those rejecting the Gospel. We tend to be too accepting of a secular society with the result that our witness becomes muted. In authentic Christianity, there will always be an element of judgment and of separation. There is indeed an element of exclusion which is the result of free decisions. In modern America, one of the greatest secular sins is to be "exclusive." Exclusivity is indeed bad if it is closed to the conversion of the other through a pre-judgment. But exclusivity that results from the free rejection of the Gospel is not bad in itself, but merely the accurate reflection of the free decision of one rejecting the Gospel. One way in which we avoid committing the secular sin of excluding anyone even if he or she rejects the Gospel is to fail to preach the authentic Gospel in the first place. Instead, we preach something quite contrary to the Gospel: that no decision need be made for or against the Gospel.