         Goddamn my Connectivity class is B O R I N G. I mean, networking as a whole seems to be pretty fun...but it seems that the power of vocal inflection is lost on my professor. Don't get me wrong, he's a great professor; it is obvious that he is very knowledgeable in his field and is able to break it down correctly in order to pass along that knowledge to even the stupidest student in our class, but believe me when I tell you that his unbreaking monotone will put to sleep even   the worst  insomniac case . Crazy.  So Registration begins tommorrow for next semester and I'm so lost as to what I'm supposed to be taking. I took a look at my Academic Progress Report [i.e. where you stand on your 9 semester journey to graduation] and apparently I'm going to be starting my 5th semester. I   love   transfer credits. While this gives me one hell of an advantage, it also hinders me; this means that I don't fit so well into their "block scheduling" and so they actually have to be  a little creative  and tailor-make a schedule for me. OF course, this all got shot to hell when they decided to rearrange and recreate the curriculum for my major last semester, but hell, what does that matter?    Switching rant modes; I hate this one kid in the Gamers Club. He's trying to subvert and undermine everything German and I have done for that damn club in the past 2 [almost 3!] semesters...It's infuriating! This....this... upstart  is pissing me off and everytime I look at him I just want to rip his head off. Of course this will never happen, but...I wish I could. I feel like screaming, "Look kid, we understand you want to attempt to be president and run this club, but it's not that easy. We've put in a lot of time and effort into it to try to give the student body   something and someplace   where they can just relax and not worry about things for their time off in-between classes and we're not about to just let that go, give it up and watch  YOU  mess it up!" Unfortunately, I can't..just yet. But the time is coming when I will. The next time he attempts his take-over...that's it.  ...And for something completely different, check out   "Jane Galt's" rant against spammers . Made me laugh [since I know where she's coming from] and also ponder: "Now why didn't   I   rant about it first!? Damn, too bad..." All I have to say is that she hit the nail on the head and her subtle sarcasm is great. Too bad that her point would be lost on the spammers if they even bothered to read it...  Anyhoo, it's 2:20. Almost time for Sociology class...   See you next rant.