         Valentine's Day is Thursday.   Tomorrow. *sigh* I hate it when these damn holidays creep up on me...  I still remember getting cards from my best-friend-in-first-grade Zachary Gazza throughout the years...Yeah. That used to be cool; I remember actually feeling special when getting those cards way back when. [Of course, when I was really little it was  his mom  sending the cards, but hey, I still felt special, LOL! After a while, once we got a little older, he actually sent a few himself...That was nice. Maybe done out of pity, I'll never know, but still...a really nice gesture.] As sad as it sounds, I kinda miss getting those cards. Of course I lost touch with him over the years...God only knows where he is now. More than likely he's getting ready to graduate college [like I /should/ be doing, but  that's neither here nor there ]. I don't know. Wherever he is, I'll remember him tomorrow, eat a few chocolates in his honor and hope things are going his way.   I'm ambivalent to this "holiday" now; even though the past few years of Valentine's Day were ok...bearable at the most, I sometimes still find myself dreading Valentine's Day. I guess it goes back to the whole trauma of being the fat girl with coke bottle glasses and braces that no one liked from second grade to...well...8th. [Yes, the dislike went further, but by 8th grade my glasses and braces were no longer an issue:  my glasses, thanks to plastic lenses weren't so large and the braces came off. Now, even the glasses are gone...All hail LASIK surgery! --But that's a blog for another day.] I never received those cheesy valentines from anyone...unless someone's mom wrote them out for the whole class and accidentally made one for me. You know the ones I'm talking about, I'm sure. They had cartoon characters such as Snoopy or Garfield complete with cutesy little messages that said things like: "I'm glad we're friends!" and "You're so special to me!" Eh, whatever. Old news. Still kinda hurts though, so...I always tend to feel my loneliest and most depressed when Valentine's Day rolls around.   Sadly, this is usually the time of the year when I pig out on chocolate, but... Not this year. Not after   all this work   that I'm putting into reshaping my body from this horribly overweight bag of flesh into something leaner, healthier, and more beautiful.  Maybe this year I'll get lucky and Valentine's Day won't hurt so bad....   Heh.   And...Maybe I should stick to what I do best and keep dreaming.