         I finally had the courage to visit the what was once the WTC today; I think the warm sunshine helped me find the courage. That had to have been the longest train ride of my life. I walked out of the station, was blinded by the sunshine for a moment and then immediately stopped dead in my tracks when I finally saw the gaping hole, the wreckage, the cordoned off areas and the burned surrounding buildings. People just kind of flowed around me as I stared into that pit; the next thing I did...I surprised even myself. I walked into the nearest church and sat down to cry. When I finally regained my composure, I walked down and just stood there for a while and stared; I can't even begin to explain everything that was running through my head.  Although one thing I do have to say is...   FUCK TOURISTS  .    Explain to me how people can stand and pose and smile using NYC's still-fresh wound as a background!?     EXPLAIN THAT TO ME BECAUSE I JUST DON'T FUCKING GET IT.   I watched in abject horror as some woman posed,  smiling  in front of the memorials while her husband took a picture and then just stared blankly as she turned around and used the gaping hole as a backdrop. I looked around and saw others doing the same...My face must have shown my horror since no one had the balls to ask me to take pictures. I'm  glad they didn't  or else I would probably be in jail right now for supreme violence.  Thousands of people died  right here   and you're using it as a fucking tourist attraction!? The significance of what occurred here is obviously lost to you; even if I managed to beat it into your collective skulls your lack of respect is disturbing and despicable. I spit upon you and hope that one day you watch as others show no respect to your dead loved ones. That was  disgusting .   I found a spot to write something on the memorial...That made me feel a little bit better. I still wanted to chase that woman down and clock her in the head though; but I digress.   Yeah. It's been an interesting day.