         Apparently just to be spiteful, the weather outside right now is bright, sunny and beautiful -- in striking contrast to the frozen rain, slight sleet, 30-second snowfall and the ALL-FRIGGIN-DAY DOWNPOUR.  *sigh*  Well, at least it wasn't snow; I remember more than a few birthdays have been plagued with several inches of it. But better late than never, I guess! :)   At least my roses and daffodils are still pretty and happy.   I woke up very early today; I have no recollection of what I was dreaming about, but it must have been horrible. My body went into overdrive and I woke up...very scared...at 7am. I guess it's for the best that I can't remember my dream...Oh well. At least I can now get all my errands done  early  today.  On another note, there seems to be a new trend for gun-clubs. More schools are allowing their students to gather together and other "highly-unlikely" groups are also starting their own clubs [if you get the WSJ's Best ot the Web Daily email, you probably will recognize these]:     Doctors for Sensible Gun Laws  [yes, I know it looks strange at first glance, but trust me, it  makes sense ]   Article: New on Campus: Guns 101 [Philadelphia Daily News]    WSJ: Who's Afraid of Chicks with Guns?   And yes, even though I posted this before, I still think it's good:    WSJ: Annie, Get your Gun...   Something else that got me thinking from the BoTW email...Someone needs to sit down with me and explain to me how the people at the Law School of Washington University can get away with offering a loan-repayment-program for all their graduates who get public service or government jobs but   refuses to help their graduates who continue on and join the military . This makes no sense to me; those who join the military are making a bigger sacrifice than those who get cushy government jobs. *shrug*  I don't know, but something just doesn't sound right with this one. Maybe I'm not meant to get it.  So with that sun shining through my window, I think I'm going to attempt to detach myself from the computer and get started on my day...  ...Then again, my addiction to my computer is very very bad... ; )