         Today just started out wrong. My mother was in one of her egotistical, argumentative, combatative and contrary moods. I was attempting to have a rational discussion with my father about what was going on with my day/night tommorow as well as my plans [or lack thereof] for this weekend. He has a conference to in the city and is staying there for the entire weekend; my mother figured we would all go there as a family. Apparently this was her idea of celebrating my birthday -- We would all stay in the city for the weekend; she and I would see this play called "Mamma Mia" while my father was in this conference and then afterwards we would go out to dinner. Then, the rest of the weekend would be devoted to whatever; shopping, sightseeing, etc. Now, don't get me wrong; I love my parents, I really do, but I have no desire to go to the city with them and be stuck with my mother for a whole weekend. There are other things I'd rather be doing...like have an asthma attack. Read a book...or thirty. Teach myself mechanics so that I don't get ripped off at the car shop. Continue to further my knowledge in psychology. Attempt to understand C++. Go back for a second dose of LASIK surgery. I love the fact that I was never asked as to what I wanted to do; it was just  expected  that I was going to go along with these plans.   Heh.  So of course, when I replied that I had no desire to go to the city and see these plays, etc., my father took this in stride with a shrug. He suggested that we all have dinner together in the city; I said, sure, just let me know where and when and then I'll meet them there. No problems. My mother on the other hand, started ranting and raving; there was no way  she  was going  to the city  just to have dinner  [gasp! the HORROR!]; any  country bumpkin  could do that,  SHE  was going to go and shop and see the play and have a good time. I shrug, say, "That's nice, enjoy yourself, but there's no need to start criticizing the fact that I do not want to go to the city." Wrong answer. She goes off, screaming. Apparently I'm a horrible person beacuse I don't want to be with the family. Sigh. I've been dealing with this ridiculousness for a long time now; normally I take it in stride, walk away, laugh...but today I snapped. I yelled back, "I am tired of this conversation. There was no need for your criticism. I'm going to be late coming home because I'm going to the gym after school. Now if you need me, give me a call; if not, I'm leaving."  With that I stormed out of the house, slamming the door behind me. It took me 17 minutes to get to the train station...  ...In hindsight I realize that this wasn't the way to go about things, but I'm tired of this. I'm tired of being a horrible person because I don't want to be attached at the hip with my parents. My father has no problems with this; he understands the fact that yes, I do have a life outside of them. My mother, however, has this clingy neurosis that the three of us need to be together, 24/7/365 or else we're not a family.  I'm tired. I look at my mother and sigh, recognizing some of her worst aspects are a part of me. I try my hardest to get rid of these aspects; but it is difficult.  ׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻   Humans are like clay.  From birth to kindergarten: it is akin to taking the new clay out of the package and softening it up, getting it ready for the future.  From kindergarten to the end of elemtary school: the clay is soft and has already started to take on a definite shape.  From elementary school to the end of high school: the clay has shape, form; it still pretty soft and many hands have left their mark, molding the clay into what it is.  From high school to the end of college: the clay has hardened and it realizes that it has been molded into something, but its final shape has yet to be decided.  Fro the end of college until death: the hardended clay tries to reform itself into the shape it has decided it wants to take, and attempts to smooth over the imperfections and fix the places where so many hands have left their mark.   ׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻   I am clay. I see my life, see where its trials, tribulations, experiences and people have all left their mark. I especially see where my mother has left her mark; deep indentations that I have tried to ignore; but it is impossible. I see where my father has tried to smooth over those indentations and realize that his efforts were in vain. My mother has way too many issues that will never be addressed and instead of dealing with them, she has passed most of them on to me so that she could have someone to suffer with. I realize this and I hate her for it, because now I have to fix myself, fix these issues that weren't even my own to begin with in order to live my own life.   I have to deal with the weight and beauty issue; the fact that, no matter how much I come to love and accept myself, on some deep level I hate myself because I will never be a tall, beautiful supermodel.   Thanks mom; thanks for throwing it in my face every day. Thanks for reminding me that I am obese and that I should try harder to get this weight off. Thanks for suggesting every single diet and "miracle pill/solution" that will help me lose this excess weight. Thanks for telling me that I'm not trying hard enough to lose weight and asking me why I hate to excercise when YOU KNOW that the opposite is true. Thanks for shoving all the pictures of myself from when I was younger and in better shape in my face every chance you get. Thanks for telling me that I should eat less and that I need more willpower. Thanks for NOT RECOGNIZING THAT MY BODY TYPE AND BONE STRUCTURE IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT than those SIZE 2 VICTORIA'S SECRET BIKINI MODELS AND FOR SHOVING THAT FACT IN MY FACE EVERY GODDAMNED DAY OF MY LIFE. I already know that I wasn't genetically blessed mom; I really don't need you reminding me of this. Thanks for telling me that I'm lazy. Thanks for reminding me that I'm not beautiful and that I should wear makeup. Thanks for pointing out every blemish, pimple and scar that is on my face. Thanks for telling me that I'm destroying my face because I happened to scratch off some skin and it started to bleed. Thanks for telling me that I'm ugly because I'm not in good shape.   I'm tired of it all.