         The E train. I normally don't think about my commute since I'm usually half-awake, but today was different; as I was drinking my coffee, I realized that they switched the Manhattan destination signs back to World Trade Center. I nearly choked; I wasn't prepared for seeing those signs...As I looked around, I noticed that I wasn't the only one who was taken aback by the change; a slew of other people looked somewhat lost, seeing the sign changes for the first time.   Almost makes me want to skip the E to Penn and take the 7 to Woodside...But the E is more convenient...Bleh.  First week of school. Whee! At least it's fun seeing everyone again and meeting the new victims...errr...first semester kids that walk around the building, wide-eyed. It's amusing to me; they are so lost in a school that only takes up three floors in one building. I can only imagine what their reactions would have been like if they started their first year of college at BU [like I did] whose urban campus is   spread out along a one-mile strip of Comm. Ave.  or even my second school,    SUNY Stony Brook's campus  which is sprawled out on a   rather large   plot of rural land. Heh. Three floors in one building is nothing, kids. But hey, it's their first year so I can't really blame them that much.   If you watched those of us returning students all gather together and get caught up, you would have thought that we haven't seen each other in   years  ...It was nice seeing soem familiar faces that I haven't seen in about 2 semesters. My first serious day of classes seemed to get off to a good start, considering that I will always have problems with my scheduling. [Damn their block scheduling! DAMN THEM! ;) Yeah, I feel a little better now, heh.] I've come to the conclusion that C++ will always be hell no matter how hard I try to learn what's going on. E-Comm is so damn fun; one of my favorite professors is teaching the course and  even the book  is interesting. Contemporary Literature...bleh. I took this course in Stony Brook under the name:  Poetry and Literature . Bastards! They didn't accept my transfer credit; I  HATE  that. Looks like I'm going to have to re-attempt to force these people to accept the credits. Why waste time re-taking a class that I have already earned credit for when I can use its time-slot to move forward in my education?   Anyway, I'ts almost 4:45 -- I think it's time to go home. I tire of Queens.