         Ah, the beauty of insomnia when exhaustion sets in. You  want  to sleep, but can't and things are never what they seem while in this state.   Lovely.  So there's a bunch of articles that were interesting to me [yay for WSJ's emails and IRC] -- they're kinda old, but whatever. I couldn't bring myself to post anything since Monday...sorry about that. Yeah. So without further ado, here you go:    A Life Revealed [damn I wish I had her eyes...]    Women and Firearms    Can you say, "Better late than never?"    Hell yeah I'd root for this team...    When Real Life emulates your current RPG/video game...    Ooooh Baby, Nerds are Sexy   Heh.  So today is the 16th. Six years ago to the day I celebrated my 16th birthday [a little early] with a Sweet 16 party that could have rivaled a wedding; normally in Paraguayan tradition I would have celebrated my Quinceaera, but being that America is the land where the Sweet 16 rules supreme, my mom tried to combine the two. She organized a Sweet 16 party in the tradition of a Quinceaera. Heh. Now THAT was interesting to say the least...it was held at   Giorgio's  complete with videographer, photographer, DJ, many-course meal, formal dress, etc. Like I said, the party rivaled a wedding in everyway. Hell, it probably surpassed a few weddings, but I digress. Funny how this shit hits home in the weirdest ways;  he  was there. Alive. Weird. Yeah. Now, nothing but memories and pictures. I wonder how many of those faces in the pictures whom I remember fondly are still around?? I've lost track of so many, what with switching high schools, graduation, college, life in general, etc. Interesting. Sad. These things hit home at the weirdest moments.  Four more days. I don't feel any different. I'm not gonna feel any different when it hits; I'm sure as hell not gonna feel any different a week from the day. Heh. I'm alive, I'm able to get another year older and celebrate the day of my birth; I guess it's all good. Hell yeah it's all good. I'm alive. My loved ones still surround me; my most favorite and loved person, my family, my friends whom I consider family, my dogs; they are all alive and well. Maybe I'm selfish; I don't know. Call me what you will. Call it as you see it, I don't really care. Fuck it, I'm alive and I'm gonna celebrate life.   I love you...