         I'm awake now, more coherent, better able to formulate words and type them out onto this screen.  But you know what? I can't think of anything to say.   I feel like everything I needed to say I was able to put up at 2AM; even though I'm probably the only one who would be able to understand the meaning behind the incoherent words. Tiredness and emotions seem to rob me of both my logic and my abillity to write.  I watched a little bit of TV before I had to just walk away and do something else; they were debating over whether or not compensation was really necessary for the families of victims, even as they showed the memorial light service in an inset on the screen. Maybe I'm the only one, but it seems so...hypocritical, maybe?...bear with me, my grasp of the English language and the ability to choose the right words seems to be slipping right at the moment...to smack down something that is seen as help even as they commemorate those who have died. Arguing over whether it was right to give some money back to the families of the victims, saying that all they were doing was collecting easy money and trying to put pricetags on their dead. Yes, I'm sure that there's a few people out there that are trying to take advantage of the situation but I believe that the majority of the families would tell these...   intellectuals   ...to shove that money straight up their collective asses and that they would rather have their wife/husband/sister/brother/mom/dad/daughter/son back and breathing and alive. That they would rather tell their young children that, yes, mommy or daddy  is  coming home today....or hold their spouses or children again.   I'm too weary to rant anymore of this. Many are dead. Shut the hell up because even in the face of a minority that are tryign to take advantage of people's kindness, the majority wish they could have their loved ones back, monetary compensations be damned.  I wish I could round up the rest of the fuckers behind this and let the families have at them; show them the mercy that they deserve.    My emotions are too raw, clouding my ability to write well. Nick, however, wrote his own   thoughts  on the matter...Very nice post -- wish I could have written my  original post  that well, but like I said...  Tiredness and raw emotions seem to rob me both of my logic and my ability to write.