         Well it's 2AM on Monday the 11th.  9 days left until my birthday... The start of a new week... The realization hits within a fit of insomnia...   Six months to the day of the tragedy.   So now what? Where do we go from here? Crazy things happen in the world everyday; nothing like that though. Damn memories. Came in late but I caught the tail end of that special thing they had on the TV...Hard to watch even now. Even though I caught the spot where they praised two men who carried a woman and her motorized wheelchair down 80-some-odd flights of stairs...OR something like that...I know I got it wrong, my brain is tired and shutting down.  The memories hurt.   Yeah, open up the photo albums and the memories hurt like hell, even though they're old memories, happy memories...but he's gone now.  Reminds me that my life is fragile and can be extinguished quickly. Hits home, seeing the pictures on TV...again...it hurts. Watching people try to pick through their lives, their homes that are still covered in debris from the day...Watch their rally to try to clean and regain their homes, their apartments. Life goes on, but they're still pickin up the pieces...Literally.  How do you go about regaining a life? You can't. It's over, it's that simple. Puts things into perspective; what the soldiers are dying for over there, overseas -- You can't regain the lives that were lost, but you sure as hell can avenge them and protect future lives from being lost. Protect their children, grandchildren, familes that have survived. Even help other lives on the other side of the world. But even so, he's dead, they're dead. They're not coming back.  Dead. Buried. God only knows where amongst that debris. The memories live on, and as painful as they are, fuck it. I'll smile through those goddamn tears, they can't steal my feelings. They stole lives; we won't fucking forget and we won't allow them to forget that simple fact either. There's hell to pay and we're coming to fucking collect. Fuck you, I'll see you in Hell.    And ED? I'm sorry. I have my pictures and I have my memories and I wish I could have said goodbye...Who knew this would happen? You were a good friend in life; just please do me one last favor and watch over my most favorite, loved person and laugh along with me when my life is funny, ok?