         Well last night was.... interesting ....to say the least. I learned a few things:  A.) My high alcohol tolerance is still pretty much intact. B.) Never play Dance Dance Revolution in steel-toed boots. C.) Never stop to contemplate an incredulous event when immediate retaliation is necessary.   So I wrote last night's blog while  slightly inebriated  [see: A] while Sylvia was killing the last Bacardi Silver and Seth was midway through his third Guinness. Jillian's was calling to kill our boredom, so we answered and drove there, parking the car on a sidestreet. After amusing ourselves with shoot-em-up games, racing games and my learning of a new lesson [see: B] Jillian's closed for the evening and we were kicked out. With nothing better to do [Boston shuts down at 2 AM] we walked back to the car, passing by a myriad of drunken idiots and the usual Lansdowne dumbasses and amused ourselves watching their actions. As we were not five feet away from the car, a group of four severely drunk men passed us by, laughing and stumbling about. Sylvia and Seth went to the driver's side of the car and I was coming up to the passenger side when one mumbled something to me; his speech was so slurred I have no idea what he said. I ignored him [as is my wont to do when drunkards/bums talk to me] but as he passed me by, my ass was smacked! I was incredulous; I stopped dead in my tracks for a moment to contemplate what had occurred. *Did that fucker do what I think he did? Yeah, my asscheek is stinging; that shithead smacked my ass!!! MOTHERFUCKER!!!  DIE!!!* As I turned around to retaliate with my fist, I realized that I had taken too much time pondering my incredulity as the fucker and his friends had already shambled halfway down the block. Bastards! I climbed into the passenger seat and told Sylvia and Seth what had happened; Sylvia pulled a U-turn and chased them down while I rolled down the window and pulled myself half-out of the car. We passed them by and I yelled at the guy, "Fuck you shithead! Watch your fuckin hands!" I learned quickly that the moment had passed [see: C] but I still felt a little better yelling at the guy.   Today was a better day; Sylvia and I went to have lunch with her parents. Trying to find the Swiss Hotel proved to be one hell of a task; that hotel is one of Boston's best kept secrets.   It turned out that we wandered around the damn building a few times and never knew it was there -- there was only ONE SIGN that clued us into its existance:  "Swiss Hotel: Employees Only" was posted on one of the sidedoors right next to a parking lot. Lovely. So we walked in through the parking lot and finally met up with her parents. Lunch in the hotel restaurant was a complete debacle; the service was horrendous and the food made us sick afterwards. But, the company was enjoyable. After lunch, Sylvia and I went to a store called H&M -- really nice clothes at really cheap prices. I bought $128 worth of clothes; unlike at other stores where $128 buys you  maybe  2 silk shirts, I got: 2 cottony/fuzzy t-shirts [one white w/wine-red highlights, one white w/navy-blue highlights], 1 long-sleeve shirt [white w/light blue sleeves], 1 black silk V-neck sweater, 1 navy silk collared short-sleeved shirt, 1 white silk collared short-sleeved shirt, 2 pairs of fishnets [red and olive] and a pair of black stockings with silver-star highlights. [NOTE: I   hate   shopping for clothes. I abhorr it with a passion; so for me to   actually walk into a clothing store of my own free will AND try on A TON of things   is quite an achievement on the part of the clothing store.] Yes, yes...it was fun...AND I got in my yearly clothes-shopping spree.  I also was able to get a chicken quesadilla at Burrito Max...damn that place doesn't change!!  Still the hang-out for punkers, hardcores, misfits, artists and "others"; the food is still awesome and prepared with actual care and pride by fellow punkers, hardcores, misfits, artists and "others".  :)    The only thing bad on the trip home was the ferry ride; the severely strong wind gusts made for rough waters and the boat was tossed about. Being the fact that my stomach hadn't really settled down from the bad lunch at the Swiss Hotel, it was NOT a pleasant ride. Yet, I slept through it as best as I could and tried not to think about it upon waking.  Well, time for me to attend to other things...Whee!