         I was driving home from Borders last night, almond chai in hand, when I stopped at a stoplight in front of a white van and behind a random dark-colored sedan. Didn't think much of this; I was lost in my thoughts, hoping to get home and start reading my two new books when the van behind me started  honking  at me. My first reaction was to release the brake and step on the gas pedal, when I realized [luckily in time!] that the light was still red and the sedan was still in front of me. I guess you could call me a typical NY driver; my head snapped up to the rearview and I cursed the motherfucker out, "WHERE THE FUCK DO YOU WANT ME TO GO?!  DO YOU  NOT SEE  THAT IT'S  STILL FUCKING RED  AND THERE'S A  FUCKING CAR IN FRONT  OF ME?!?!" Then I realized that someone in the passenger side of the van was flailing their arms -- my first reaction to this was, "Holy shit, someone's having an epileptic seizure! No wonder they want me to move..." -- But then I recognized that the person was trying to get my attention and quickly recognized both the driver and the passenger....My brother and his girlfriend!   Heh. I find people I know everywhere.  So of course I pulled over and talked to them...weird thing was that they had two other people in the van as well...One guy whom I used to know back in  elementary school  and a chick I used to know in my first high school!  Heh, they're "going out" now...Interesting how the world is so small. Thank God he wasn't one of the ones who made my life hell back then or else Bad Things would have Ensued. Yeah, my memory is pretty good at remembering when people fuck with me; I can carry a grudge for a  long time .   It was nice to see them all again...  ׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻׻  I'm currently reading the CSS book I bought last night, scanning   Think Geek  and updating my   wishlist  with nifty stuff (hey! if you want to be nice to me since my birthday's coming up...search for "Raven Wolf") all while listening to my launchcast station and coming to the realization that one of my favorite "bands" that they play for me is called "Kruder and Dorfmeister". If those are their real names, I feel so bad for them; must've been hell growing up...