         So I'm feeling better from this afternoon and yet I feel like I missed the train...again.  Yesterday was this whole big blogger get-together thing and I missed out on it. All the people whose blogs I like were there...and I was... elsewhere , bored out of my skull. Bleh. I heard that it was really cool, fun and interesting...Yeah. That's cool I guess...Wish I went. Hell, I wish I even  knew about it . I'm human. I'm jealous that all these people got together and I wasn't there. Typical. Every time I try to get involved with something new, I miss the big thing that happens within it. I feel like I got gypped because I missed a few days of checking other blogs. While it's cool that it was fun for everyone who went, I still feel shitty, because...hey, I missed out, ya know? It's like...playing lotto. You play the same numbers every day, and then, the one day you forget to buy the ticket -- that's preceisely the day someone calls you up and tells you, "Hey guess what? You won the lotto! They called your numbers!"  It sucks. Or like...missing the express train. You know there's gonna be another train coming, but damn...it's a local and all you really wanted to do was catch that express and snooze your way into the city. Damn. I don't know why this is bothering me so much, but it is...I mean, it's not the end of the world. It  shouldn't  be that big of a deal...I guess I just have issues... It's that whole emotional overload thing. Bleh. Just bleh. I always "miss the train". It's just not fair.  So I'm giving up on my blogger. Why?   A -- It serves no purpose. Well, in the sense that all the other bloggers are  important , speaking out against this and that...and whatever. Mine's just here, taking up digital space, a place for my own retarded ramblings and rants on life in general. I have no important issues to speak out against. I put some time and effort into it...but it serves no purpose. Which makes me wonder...if even after everything my creation serves no purpose...do I serve a purpose?  B -- I'm the only one who cares about it, being that...oh fuck it...I just explained everything in the last reason. Which leads me to...  C -- It should have never been made to begin with. I see this now. I should have just stuck with "analog" -- good old pencil and a spiralbound notebook. My messy handwriting in a notebook that can be thrown away or tossed on a shelf and forgotten. Heh. What was I thinking? Did I honestly think that people would actually read it? Yeah, I guess. I thought that maybe someone out there would stumble across my little piece of digitalia, read it over and say, "Hey, you know? Maybe I'm not as messed up as I think I am. This chick is just as weird as me. I don't feel so bad anymore." Or something to that effect. But no one's out there, so why bother. Lots of highly intellectual people out there are criticizing the world...me? I just live here. It's too fucked up for me to save, so...  Yeah.  I'm still gonna post to this thing, though. I tend to feel better just pretending that someone out there is reading my randomness. That I have a place in the world. That I have a purpose and the things I create have a purpose...even though the opposite is true.  Have a nice life.