           And suddenly, the obvious that was obscure [to me] becomes obvious...    Nice article [  What Causes People to Become Terrorists?  via   Nick ] that kinda ties into the concept that I mentioned yesterday -- Yet, this article made me realize something fundamentally important to me and put it into focus; something  completely different  than the issue that is currently being discussed. It lies within this quote:    That is occupied, conquered territory, fairly won by Israel as they defended themselves against a simultaneous attack by Egypt, Syria, and Jordan -- the nations which, prior to 1967 war, ruled the territories that are now called "Palestinian."     I am lucky enough to have been accepted into a good family; my parents have worked damn hard and overcome enormous odds for everything they have accomplished and acquired in their lives. Because of their sacrifice, hard work and determination, I am again, lucky enough to be able to enjoy the benefits that they have gained. I have traveled quite a lot in my short life with them and in 1993 I visited Israel. Being a Paraguayan citizen and holding a Paraguayan passport, I [and the rest of my family] normally get a hassle in international airports while the rest of the group that we travel with [whom all hold American passports] could virtually walk into the country with only slight problems/questions or none at all. While visiting Israel, however, the roles were reversed; for once, our Paraguayan passports allowed  us  to almost saunter in and be treated like royalty while the rest of the American passport holding group had to go through the trials and tribulations that we  normally  go though. I remember reveling in this and asking my mother why; she explained to me that    in 1947, the UN held some discussions as to whether Israel should be recognized as a country . Paraguay had added its voice to the discussion and apparently was the deciding vote in favor to recognize Israel as a country. Of course, she said that this was the reason why we were treated so well. At the time, I was 13 years old and I wasn't about to argue with my mother; I was just happy and deeply satisfied that the rest of the group had to undergo our normal problems. A small part of me felt vindicated and my curiosity was satisfied for the moment.     Only  now do I know  for certain that Paraguay was one of 33 countries who voted in favor [against 13 who voted against and 10 who abstained from voting]; only now do I begin to realize that maybe what my mother said was true. Heh. But what really struck me was this part of the quote from the article that I posted above:      "fairly won by Israel as they defended themselves against a simultaneous attack by Egypt, Syria, and Jordan"     Sounds familiar; in 1867 Paraguay was caught in the same situation; the Treaty of the Triple Alliance [which included Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay] threatened Paraguayan borders, but the one major difference is that Paraguay was already recognized as its own nation and country.     Solano Lpez accurately assessed the September 1864 Brazilian intervention in Uruguay as a slight to the region's lesser powers. He was also correct in his assumption that neither Brazil nor Argentina paid much attention to Paraguay's interests when they formulated their policies. But he concluded incorrectly that preserving Uruguayan "independence" was crucial to Paraguay's future as a nation. Consistent with his plans to start a Paraguayan "third force" between Argentina and Brazil, Solano Lpez committed the nation to Uruguay's aid. When Argentina failed to react to Brazil's invasion of Uruguay, Solano Lpez seized a Brazilian warship in November 1864. He quickly followed this move with an invasion of Mato Grosso, Brazil, in March 1865, an action that proved to be one of Paraguay's few successes during the war. Solano Lpez then decided to strike at his enemy's main force in Uruguay. But Solano Lpez was unaware that Argentina had acquiesced to Brazil's Uruguay policy and would not support Paraguay against Brazil. When Solano Lpez requested permission for his army to cross Argentine territory to attack the Brazilian province of Ro Grande do Sul, Argentina refused. Undeterred, Solano Lpez sent his forces into Argentina, probably expecting local strongmen to rebel and remove Argentina from the picture. Instead, the action set the stage for the May 1865 signing by Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay (now reduced to puppet status) of the Treaty of the Triple Alliance. Under the treaty, these nations vowed to destroy Solano Lpez's government.      [Quote taken from   this website : scroll down to the "Dictatorship and War" section and then click on the link for "The War of the Triple Alliance". I would have linked directly to the page but there is a warning on the page itself:  "Do NOT bookmark these search results. Search results are stored in a TEMPORARY file for display purposes. The temporary file will be purged from our system in a few hours." ]     I begin to realize both Paraguay and Israel's intrinsic relationship with one another; something that I thought was weird and interesting as a kid is beginning to make some sort of sense now.     But I'll ponder this more on the train-ride home as it is time to leave this damn computer lab.