           Well,  that  was easy...      According to Jon , I somehow stumbled into the well-populated and infamous land of political blogging with my response to the UN school article. ACK! Someone should put up warning signs for this stuff...lol!  Well today wasn't the best of days but I cheered myself up by buying myself flowers; roses in all different odd colors. Four white with purple-red trim, three blood red, three pale ice pink, and two almost translucent ecru roses made up my dozen. They are currently happily living in a vase right next to my monitor...  :D  I also finally did something about my damn cellphone; the frustration of taking it back to the store almost every week for it to get worked on and "fixed" was just getting tiring. I walked in there and said, "Bitches! Gimme a phone that fucking works!"  ...Well, not exactly in those words, per s; I [of course] used a more professional tone and worked some diplomatic magic to convey my message but the salesguy got the underlying message. Heh. Needless to say I have a brand new  working  phone now.  >:)   Switching gears for a moment, there are a few things I need to link here. First is Megan's post about the   WTC in its current state  [scroll down a bit to find it, for some reason the permalink isn't working on her site]; I couldn't agree with her more. I don't work there but I lost someone dear to me in that site and I still haven't come to grips with it. I don't think I could handle working there; much respect to her for doing [what is to me] the impossible.   Second is an article [via my daily WSJ "Best of the Web" email] about a   5 year old child being used as a drug mule ; my initial reaction was a double-take and a very loud, "WHAT THE FUCK?!" I remember reading about the   12 year old boy from Nigeria  who was used for the same purposes; this frightens and disgusts me. A 12 year old boy is horrible enough, but a 5 year old girl!? I agree with the official, Joe Webber:    "Sending a five-year-old girl alone on a plane to smuggle heroin represents a new low  even for drug traffickers," said Joe Webber, the U.S. Customs Service Special Agent-in-Charge for New York. ``This case demonstrates the depths to which trafficking organizations have sunk to ply their deadly trade."    What kind of people send their children to do this kind of shit? In the first case, the boy's father was already in jail for his involvement in the drug trade; you would think the boy would know better than to swallow   87 condoms worth of heroin . You would think the rest of the family would denounce the boy's father and try to save the boy from the same fate. At least at 12, the boy would have some sort of opinion on the matter and has enough brainpower to figure things out for himself...What the hell are they doing sending a 5 year old girl,  alone  on a plane to  a completely different country  with luggage filled with heroin?!  I just don't understand these types of people. I know that I never will, either. Disgusting.  Third is a concept that I came across first at    [which points to   an article ], mentioned briefly in   Megan's site  [again, you have to scroll down -- she points to a post by   Sgt. Stryker ], and I started mulling over this. Interesting; I find that I like Stryker's post more, but both are good. I'm going to hold off commenting about this until tomorrow when I'm more awake and coherent.  And since I hate leaving on such a somber and serious note, fourth is Doc Weevil's amusing look at the   relationship between blogger and journalist .  Now it's sleepy-time; I've got a midterm tomorrow. But before I go, let me feed my addiction:       What kind of drunk are  you ?