         Wow.  Just...Wow. The blogparty rocked! Told that stupid voice in the back of my head to  shutthefuckup  [even though it proved correct to a  slight degree ] and thoroughly enjoyed myself; a lot of people defied my expectations and almost everyone was friendly, nice and welcoming.   Orchid  and Asparagirl [no link neccessary, she's just that well-known, heh :) !] did a great job picking the place; it was a hard to find hole-in-the-wall bar with an all-black unmarked door -- but once you walked in, the atmosphere was cozy.   Ken  twisted my mind; I've been reading his blog for awhile; for some reason I  was expecting someone  completely different  but was happily surprised with this funny, easyoing, insanely interesting guy...Remind me to go to  any party  he goes to! His own recap of the party is amusing [as he shows off his   knowledge of adjectives ] -- Same with   Sasha  and   Orchid : I'll follow those two to any party! Sasha was the only one brave enough to dance with me [although admittedly she is a  much  better dancer than I] and Orchid is just that insanely great!  :D  As for everyone else....here goes nothing....I have no idea why, but I thought   Lane  was an older guy (even though he posted his picture) and   Jonathan 's blog is quickly becoming one of my favorites.  >:)    Clay  amused the hell out of me for most of the night; I hope his pictures come out [and if they do, send me copies!] I was somewhat awed that the   mind behind overlawyered  had attended the party; didn't really get to talk to Mr. Olson, but from what others have said, he's a pretty good guy. Didn't really get a chance to talk to   Doc Weevil ,   Megan ,   Raghu  or the guy from   LawMeme  [I'm sorry!!! I'm horrible with names!!! I forgot yours!!! AAAHH!!!!   .....but your T-shirt worked wonders!] but yes, they were there as well.   PIGS & FISHES!!!  'Nuff said.  ;)  Have to say hi to Paul: 1.) Where did you get the subway t-shirt?! and 2.) Sorry I lost the name sticker so I can't really do much else...   :(   Hopefully you'll see this and will be able to contact me in the future.  Anyone else I forgot?   I'm sorry!!!!   My mind still needs to recuperate...Just send me [hate(?)] mail or leave a comment !!! I'll make sure to include you in any updates.... :D  One more thing: I   know   a damn lot of you brought cameras [and iirc, someone mentioned a videocamera?] -- please send me copies of the pix! My own digital camera's flash decided that it needed to overcompensate for the darkness and all my pictures came out as if they were overdeveloped...Thanks!