         I'm tired. Let me revise that statement; more like  weary . Bone-weary, soul-weary, life-weary; just  weary . Add to that: frustrated and angry. Yet...I was right the first time. I'm  tired .      I'm tired of being everyone's emotional-baggage check; I have enough of my own emotionally-charged psychological issues to muddle through and attempt to resolve,  thankyouverymuch .      I'm tired of being the way-station, the connecting flight; the middle-ground-person you come to so you can come to grips with yourself and get yourself in check before moving on to bigger, better people.     I'm tired of the assumption that I'm blind to what is going on around me because I:  A.) Cut through the bullshit, ignore it and get to the heart of the problem without saying a word. B.) Don't feel the need to immediately comment about everything that I see happening around me. C.) Take the time to try to see the situation from every angle before making a decision. Or... D.) I just don't care about what's going on. [*gasp!* the  HORROR! ]     I'm tired of people trying to pull wool over my eyes because they believe them to be sightless anyway.     I'm tired of being the honorable mention ribbon, the consolation prize; "Thanks for playing, sorry you didn't get what you wanted, but here you go, take  her . Better than nothing, right...?"      I'm tired of my strength, character, will, resolve, personality and intelligence being constantly underestimated and/or questioned.       I'm tired of people asking me if I have better things to do or somewhere else to be; tired of being treated like the child who wandered too close to the adults-only table during dinner and disturbed the discussion. Add in the humiliation I get when they tell me this, the message boiling down to: "Why don't you just go off somewhere, dream your little dreams, observe the psychology of the world around you and leave the rest of us to our lofty intellectual discussions?" So my emotional/intuitive nature = unintellectual/stupid?  Heh, that's nice; my eyes see what's going on, my mind comes to the right conclusions, but because I've been smacked down one too many times, there's no way I'm going to say a damn thing now.  So, because I cannot sit down and talk about the goings-on in sports today, have a discussion on the labyrinthine world of politics or predict how the stock market is going to close, this immediately tags me as stupid? I have no love for sports; watching  some  sports on TV is fun, but I can't do that religiously and follow one team fanatically. Politics is intriguing to me, but I believe that it would take me too much time to learn everything I would need to know in order to make an informed opinion on what is going on. Also, I don't believe that I have the patience for the daunting task of sifting through/making sense of all the different groups/factions/sides/parties/etc./whatever and learning all the political jargon that comes with the territory. As for the stock market? I can read the financial section of the newspaper without a "translator", so I guess I'm better than most people in that area. I still have my opinions on the previous topics but no one cares about them because I've already been labeled as stupid and unintellectual. I'd rather have the label "uninformed" stuck on me; that at least implies that there is still hope for me yet, but apparently there is no hope.   It's just  wonderful  to see myself so highly thought of.