           Amusement...    Something that a once-friend sent me through email: I found it throroughly amusing, even though my first instinct was to track him down and rip his head off for sending me a stupid forward. I'm glad I didn't delete it after all...    "For all you folks who have ever lived on Long Island or know someone who does...Some of these are before our time, but others we can definitely relate to: Long Island. You're truly from Lawn Guyland (Long Island) if you can relate to any of the following:"  1. You've always liked Billy Joel and you own several of his "records" 2. You know someone who went to Chaminade or LaSalle. 3. Seeing a concert at Jones Beach Theater - the best place in the world to see a show. 4. Is it just me, or is every girl from Rockville Centre a bitch? 5. Billy Joel said it best, "Either you date a rich girl from the North Shore, or a cool girl from the South Shore." 6. What's the big deal about the Hamptons? 7. If you're not from Long Island or NYC, you're not really from NEW YAWK. 8. You don't go to Manhattan; you go to "the City." 9. The Belt Parkway sucks! 10. You never,  ever  want to "change at Jamaica..." 11. You never realize you have an accent until you leave. 12. You are 15 minutes from the beach...at all times. 13. One word: HICKSVILLE!!! 14. Somehow, you know the OBI is cool, but you've never actually been there. 15. At some point in your life, you've either gone clamming or caught a bluefish. 16. You know where at least one strip club is. 17. You have been to the United Skates of America...Remember the Skateasaurus??? 18. Knights of Columbus...AKA: The secret club of Drunks!!! 19. You curse...A lot. 20. You can name at least three players on the Islanders Stanley Cup teams. 21. You remember the exact day you stopped going to Jones Beach and started going to Robert Moses or Tobay. 22. Public beach? What's that? 23. Huntington is a puzzlement but a fun village to hang out in 24. "I'm going to the park." 25. You've had a seagull crap on your car. 26. Either your parents or your grandparents lived in the city. 27. You, or someone you know, went to 4H Camp in Riverhead. 28. You or someone you know has owned an animal that came from North Shore Animal League. 29. You've cruised down the "Turnpike" or "DPA". 30. You have been to "The Firemen's Races" in Hicksville 31. You've played golf at Eisenhower Park...legally or otherwise. 32. If you're from Nassau County, you've been to Safety Town. 33. Quick! Who's the Suffolk County Executive? Don't know do you?! 34. You don't have to go far to see your family. 35. Grumman. 36. You know someone in the Mob or who has Mob "connections". 37. You've gotten drunk at the "green" or on the bleachers of some high school. 38. You know the difference between WLIR and WDRE. 39. You were an Islander/Met/Jet fan or a Ranger/Yankee/Giant fan. There was no crossover. 40. You can correctly pronounce places like Hauppauge, Commack, Patchogue, Islip, Islandia, Massapequa, Quoque, Cutchogue and Montauk. 41. You remember Roosevelt Field before it was renovated. 42. You remember all the times Walt Whitman Mall burned down. 43. You have been to: The Satan House in Massapequa, Mount Misery Road in Huntington or The Midget Mansion in Bayville 44. You got cool drinking glasses from Burger King (Star Wars, The Great Muppet Caper) 45. Mr. Softee..Sooooo much better than The Circus Man! 46. You have seen the Amityville Horror house or at least know where it is. 47. The Commack Motor Inn really has the "Jungle Room" & "The Oriental Express Room"...but you don't know about it firsthand. 48. The Old Bethpage Restoration Village 49. You know that the town of Baldwin is not named after The Baldwins...they're from Massapequa ... DUH! 50. The best Pizza, Bagels, and Chinese food ever!!! 51. You hate when people (not from NY) try to do "the accent"...Ouch! 52. You are only an true NEW YORKER if you are from The City or Long Island...Those quirky upstate people don't count!!!      Ah well,  I  found it hilarious!