           And Fleet Week continues...    ...And I was supposed to go again today with my parents, but they have decided to stay home today since the weatherman is predicting thundershowers. Either way...    HELL YEAH!!!!  WOOOOOOOOO!!!!    *dances around*  So my day of Fleet Week was pretty damn cool; Nick came with me [with little coersion ;) ] and I was a pretty happy chick. The weather cooperated [but my skin didn't since it staunchly refused to even get the  tiniest bit  darker, blaargh!] and the sun shone down without any problems. Of course, there were  waaaaay  too many   people milling about; the lines were insane! But I was happy. The first thing I saw was the Coast Guard drug dog demonstration, where handlers put a yellow and a black lab through their paces for the crowd. The kids were excited...Hell, I was too since the black lab looked just like my Lucky did as a pup. :D  One thing I have to say though was there were search checkpoints everywhere -- You had to walk through metal detectors and get your bags [almost,  almost  typed in carry-ons, lol] checked before getting near any of the boats/events/etc. The best part was watching the simulated Marine pier raid... Damn  those guys move quick! I know I'd be freaking out if someone said to me,  "Here, take all this heavy gear, slide down a rope from a  hovering helicopter , break out your weapon, secure the area and  then  carry all your stuff  plus  the heavy ass rope you slid down from towards the main part of the pier."   I'd be catatonic at the "slide down a rope from a  hovering helicopter " part; everything else just looked so cool. I give those guys a hell of a lot of credit doing what they do; in fact, I give ALL of the military people there a hell of a lot of credit...but  especially  the chicks. Mike, if you ever want to see the Eptiome of the Tough Chick, take a look at those chicks who are in the military. Damn! I look at them with awe and respect. Those are chicks you just don't fuck with, but they're not butch and all in your face about it; they don't demand respect because it's just inherent. These women have a style and a quiet grace all their own and their elegance just enhances their strength. Yeah. They were cool. I respect them.   On a completely personal and selfish note...and I can do this, since hey! It's  my  blog...  It's  all about  guys in fatigues....and there were  many  of them milling about. Mmmm hmmm! 'Nuff said.    >:)    Hopefully it will be nice on Monday for the Memorial Day Ceremony at the pier...That's one event I'd like to see.  And now, it's time for a nap. Whee!