           OH MY GOD!!!! I WANT IT!!! NOW!!!!    Oh my God, I have to have this. While most chicks my age fawn over people like Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt, I'm ALL about   Peter Wingfield . "WHO?!" you ask? Well, if you ever watched   Highlander  the TV series, you'd remember a character called   Methos . He used to be part of the 4 horsemen, the oldest living Immortal at 5,000, helps out that pesky annoying little Immortal named Duncan MacLeod and gets him out of trouble...You know, that Methos! Anyway even if you never watched the show, the thing with Immortals is that you can't kill them...Unless you're another Immortal and you decapitate them. Once the dead Immortal's head is severed from his/her body, the survivng Immortal faces the Quickening [in which the surviving Immortal is imbued with the power/life force/etc of the dead Immortal] thereby strengthening the survivng Immortal. In any case, every Immortal has his or her own signature sword: Duncan MacLeod carries a samurai sword and that one is pretty much the most well known one in Highlander history [besides the MacLeod claymore that Connor used to mark his love Heather's grave].   More can be found at   the official Highlander site .  Anyway so a friend of mine on IRC found something that he thought I'd find interesting -- They are now selling   a replica of Methos' sword !!!!! All I have to say is...  I WANT IT !!!   Now. NOW!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It's actually a   package of Methos stuff :  the sword, a video, a picture, and [of course] a certificate of authenticity.    Whee!!!!!!!!    :D    Oh my God, this is just too fucking cool. I have to get it. I don't care, it will just have to be a very belated birthday gift to myself!!!!  Unless, of course, someone out there in Internet-land wants to be  really really nice to me  and get it for me?  But since I doubt that would happen, I'll just drool over the pictures and scrape up some pennies. And wait.   [i want it!!!!!]   AAAAHHHH!!!!