           Too much coffee...    Can't sleep.  Must type.   Still reading over my usual political-type blogs; I'm coming to the conclusion that there are  way too many  links in my "favorites" folder named "Blogs I Like". Heh.  Was visiting   Pej' s website when I came upon   this . I like Pej; he's one of my favorite political-type bloggers because he writes in an engaging, inclusive way. Yeah, he tackles some serious issues, and sometimes some boring ones too, but somehow he makes even the boring ones interesting. He makes you think, even if you aren't in agreement with him and I like his style. Now what this other guy said was pretty raw; after checking out his own blog, it's more of the same, including other people as well. Pej states that he isn't the only one whom this guy dislikes:   Incidentally,  Marc  Mr. Jealous lumped me in with Andrew Sullivan, Stephen Green, Brooke Schreier, and Scott Ganz has bloggers he doesn't like.     [Yeap, I changed the quote around a bit.]  I guess Mr. Jealous follows the thought of: if you can't get fame based on your talent and merit, might as well rely on notoriety.  I know we're all entitled to our opinions, but when the basis of your blog currently revolves around trying to knock down other bloggers...That's low. At least this guy didn't stoop down to O'Reilly's level [as in, when O'Reilly was being interviewed on the radio and decided to call Drudge a crackwhore and sais that Drudge should be killed].  My thoughts? This guy's obviously jealous of others' success and wants to get his site on the map. Pej linked to him; I got suckered into checking it out as you have seen [and I'm sure everyone else who likes Pej did the same to see what kind of blog the person who is railing against him keeps]...Which probably played directly into what Mr. Jealous wanted. Honestly? I walked away from his site unimpressed. Curious to see what it looks like? I'm sure you are, but I'm not gonna link to it and fall for his trick again. However, if you want to get an idea of what it looked like, you can click   here . Trust me, it's the same; just that Mr. Jealous sprinkled in a few colors, pictures, and [of course] links here and there. Add into the fact that   John Ingram 's site is  meant  to be amusing while Mr. Jealous...just isn't.   Anyway...  Pej? I know I'm nobody in the blogosphere [and unlike Mr. Jealous, I'm content with where I'm at], but keep up the good work. A lot of people love your site and your style. Next time he tries to attack you, pay him no mind; he just wants attention.