           Sick motherfuckers    I was vainly hoping that it wasn't true, that it was just a rumor, that they had more decency than this. But someone out there really does have the David Pearl videotape up for viewing. I was wrong.    Stephen Green  hasn't seen it, but he found out what was on the tape through another blogger,   Damian Penny  who  has  seen it.   A piece of this Damian's post is as follows:  Find these people. Hunt them down and kill them. Kill them all. Kill anyone so warped that they would do this. These people are a cancer on the earth. They represent all that is evil. They cannot be negotiated with. You cannot reason with them. They want to perpetuate a genocide against the Jews, then the Americans, then Americans' allies, and ultimately anyone who does not accept their sick view of the world. I don't care how poor these people are. I don't care what kind of government they grew up under. This is  fucking unacceptable .    As for me?  No , I haven't seen it. I know myself too well; if I happen to stumble across it and view this atrocity, I'd immediately find myself in a fit of murderous rage. I don't need to see it. I already hate these motherfuckers who would dare to take it upon themselves to kill thousands of good people in the WTC as well as sacrifice their children and smack down their women. Fuck them. I agree with this Damian guy; this is fucking unacceptable. But I don't agree that they should be executed once they are found. No, they should be maimed and tortured and brought to the brink of death...and then revived and allowed to recuperate and live. Repeat process. Many times. Fuck them. Fuck them all. They gave up their rights and gave up their humanity when they decided to commit this atrocity, and all the others that came before. They are worse than animals. They are lower than scum. They do not deserve death. They deserve torture and pain to occupy their depraved minds.  So maybe I am a horrible person for saying that. But you know what? Whatever. I am a vengeful person. I carry grudges a long time. They killed someone close to me.   These people may not give a damn about their families as they advocate the sacrifice of their children, but I'm  damn sure  that the Pearls are grieving even now. Right this second.