         Well yesterday turned out to be a good day. The parts for my car came in and they wasted no time in swapping out the parts and passing her inspection. I got a manicure and a pedicure...my finger- and toe-nails are now a sparkly purplish-blue. My dad made me the  best damned cup of coffee   ever  this afternoon, right before I went to the eye doctor. My eyes checked out ok: my vision is still 20/20, 4 months after the successful LASIK surgery...even my left eye is still in good condition! My hair was trimmed, so now it can grow longer and those damn split ends are gone. I went to Borders and bought two new books...I could tell that my selections baffled the clerk, as her face just kinda collapsed in on itself:  L.I.E.  by David Hollander and  A Brief History of Time: The Updated and Expanded 10th Anniv. Ed.  by Stephen Hawking. [Wow, I remember getting the original 1988 ed. from my dad as a present...Yeap, you guessed it, I'm a nerd. *shrug* Whatever. ;) Makes me happy...Heh.] Yeah. And even though I spent the day with my mom, it was good. Surprisingly even  her attitude  towards me was pretty laid-back...Yesterday was just a great damn day.  Today, however, will be...interesting to say the least. My mom's going away for about a week. I'm ambivalent towards this -- I love my mom, I really do, but I have to be honest and say that I will breathe a little easier with her out of my hair for a week. On the flip-side though, she's gonna have to take a plane down to where she needs to go, and I'm   not too happy   with this, especially after everything that's happened recently. Yeah, I know, I'm probably just paranoid and worrying over nothing [yes, I am a worrywart] but still, I can't help but be scared that this will be the last time I see her. After all, I had a "last hang out" with someone who was in the WTC before everything went down and didn't know it...This freaks me the hell out. I still [to this day] wish I had said different things on that "last hang out", I wish things would have been better...Instead, things were so odd, so weird...But I digress. That's some ground I still can't tread right now; the wound is still raw. Anyway, so I   know   I'll be holding positive thoughts, sending positive "karma" and energy and asking my dead relatives, spiritual guardians, animal guides, angels, lucky stars and every other thing in that "great out there" to watch over my mom during her flight tomorrow and on the way back. Bleh. This is gonna really, really weird.   Yeah.  So if you're reading this, hold some positive thoughts for me, tomorrow...   :)    My left eye was the worse eye: -5.75 [This is a  horrid  myopic rating. Myopic = near-sighted] and needed more work done on it so that my vision could be corrected. As it turns out, my left eye was so bad, they couldn't even do the whole precedure on it; even though they corrected it to 20/20 during the first run, the doctors predicted that within 4 months my vision in the left eye would grow a bit fuzzy and another procedure would have to be done to permanently fix it. So far, it's been four months and my left eye is still at 20/20...My doctor is giving it another 6 months [a sufficient time frame] to judge if the procedure that was done in Oct would be good enough to last a lifetime. If at any point during these next 6 months my vision in that eye starts getting fuzzy, I have to check in with him again and they'll have to schedule an appointment for a second LASIK procedure to be done on my left eye.