           Finally...    So I finally finished the post I started yesterday morning. Heh. Took me long enough right? Oh well, it pissed me off and even as pissed off as I get, school has to come first so I can acquire this damn degree I've been working towards the past couple of years. Three more semesters; I can't wait. I have so many dreams, but it's hard to choose the path I want to follow. I know what I want to do, but is it feasibly possible? So many of my broken dreams litter the floor of my mind and they cast long shadows of doubt within me.     I dug my own hole once because I got hurt too many times; it was easy to let go, to give in, to lose hope. Self-imposed solitude was easy; you build up a strong wall, a guard,  and you don't get hurt because you don't let anyone in. I learned to love it because it was all I knew and had; it is so easy to let go and live like that. There were a few people who I let past the guard because we had long histories of friendship together, but they are not around anymore. Dead...or close to it. I remember them sometimes with a smile. They tried, but to me...What did it matter? What did I matter? Who cared? Not that many. I lived my life like that for a couple of years. You get comfortable...Too comfortable sometimes, and it gets to the point that when you have to be near other people it...just...hurts. You don't really know how to interact with them, nor do you really care to; they're more of a distraction and a reason for continuing your solitude. After a short time of being in a group, you feel a pressing urge to  leave , that need to slink away, to go off to one side and contemplate the serenity of being alone because you just can't handle being around groups of people anymore. There are times when I feel that old ache inside of me and I have to leave and be myself for a little while so I can just breathe and focus. There are times when that hole looks tempting and there's nothing that I want more than to crawl back into it and forget the world. But I refuse it because now there are more than a few people who I care about and make life worth living. People who remind you that yes, even after everything that has been said and done in this big shithole we call Earth, there still is a reason for living life. So it's hard to open up to people, hard to let them past that guard and show them who I really am because even after all these years, that hole is stll there, still a part of me and I remember all too well what it was like when the pain was inflicted and how easy it was to shut myself off from the world. Emotional scars run much deeper than physical ones, but given time and love, you can gain enough strength that even your emotional scars can be dealt with. So I'm scarred...and still kind of scared of what will happen. I regained hope and regained my grip on the reins of my life, but I know how hard it is to ignore the call of the hole. I know I'm not the only one, but damn at times it feels like I am. Who do you talk to about this? Unless the person who is listening to you has been there him- or herself, they won't understand what you are talking about and will only look at you like you're crazy [and alternately give you yet another reason to sink deeper into your hole]. Life is difficult and everyone has their own holes that they deal with, but it's hard to deal with it on your own. You lose sight of the things that drive you and make life worth living. Sometimes someone cares about you and gives enough of a damn about you to toss down a rope to help you...but whether you recognize that help depends on how deeply accustomed you have become to your hole. Does the rope hit you on the head and wake you up into climbing out or are you so enthralled with your creation that you ignore it? For me, I ignored it for a long time before something else happened that pissed me off enough to force me out; when I tried to return, I realized that rope had been there for a long time. Lucky for me it was still in good condition. Heh.     Yeah. I still feel that ache every now and then. That's when the old nagging feelings come back to haunt; you're worthless, you're pitiful, you're only going to get hurt, you're going to be left behind, you are nothing, so stay alone, stay protected, don't let them in or else they'll hurt you.     It's still hard to talk about it, but I'm getting better at talking...It's a little easier now because I know that I'm cared about and loved. The ache is starting to disappear.     Emotional scars run deeper than physical ones, but I still believe that given time and love you can gain the strength you need to deal with them.