           Ridiculous...    Again, the stupidity of some people bewilders me at times...A woman was fired from her job because even though she was given a crash course in Spanish and had a pretty good handle on the language, she transferred a call from a Spanish-speaker to someone else in her department who was fluent in the language. Apparently, that caller was her supervisor [who had disguised her voice] and her boss decided to fire the woman over this "incident". This all occurred in the Miami-Dade county of Florida.   All I have to say is...  WHAT  ?!  Now here's my thing: I don't care that Florida is now high in a Spanish-speaking population. I really don't. There shouldn't be bilingual signs and things of this nature. You moved here, speak the damn language. If you don't know English, learn enough so you can get by and then later focus on learning the language in its entirety.   This method was NORM for a damn long time so why should it change now? I don't remember where I read it [and unfortunately I don't have the article on hand either] but I  believe  it was [again] in Florida that one woman started her own crusade to get bilingual signs put in the airports since she noticed that Spanish-speaking people were having a hard time navigating through the airports. Ok, I can understand if they're tourists, but if they're coming here to  stay ... Learn the damn language !!! Is it honestly that hard? You're planning on spending the rest of your natural life here and English is necessary for your survival if you want to stay; the rest of the country speaks it and so should you.   Again, maybe I'm biased on this issue since my own parents struggled and fought to make a life of their own here. They came with a suitcase in hand, knowing "conversational English" as it was taught to them in school. It's been an uphill battle for them, but they worked through it and made a damn good life for themselves here. Both of them have strong accents, but they speak well considering it all; of course they have their small problems here and there with grammar and words, but they make their points known and it's a small thing to correct them when they forget. But they  tried  and made the effort to learn. They did not ask for handouts even though they struggled in the beginning. They strived for better and worked hard to gain it. And you know what? I'm damn proud to be an immigrant myself. My life has been easier since I grew up here, but I was born elsewhere and not once have they let me forget my past.   And I know that I will never forget what my parents have sacrificed for everything they have achieved.   So it pisses me off to see these motherfuckers walk into this country and expect things handed to them on a silver platter as soon as they get here. They think life is easy and that things should be catered to their whims and needs. You know what? Fuck you and what you want. Yes, it would be nice and easy if everything was in your language... but it's not .   You came here of your own free will; make the effort like so many who came here before you did.  Get over yourselves. Learn the damn language.