           GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!    I'm driving around in the rain, attacking a McDonald's for their Minute Maid soft frozen lemondade snack thingy, and listening to Savage Nation on 770 AM. More often than not, I find myself yelling back at the radio when he's on...This time it got started when a caller named "Kay" decided that the best thing to do is dump those 13 psychopathic shitheaded freaks that are holing up in the Church of the Nativity in "one of those landlocked third-world countries like Pah-rah-gah-way or You-rah-gah-way and just pay them something like $50,000 to keep them inprisoned. After all, we can afford such a cost." OOOoooh, I lost it. What the fuck!? So what if Paraguay is landlocked and not doing as financially well as the US!? TAKE A LOOK AT THE GODDAMNED MAP; it's  obvious  that Paraguay will never be a world superpower like the US, but it  is  a country in its own right. You honestly think Paraguayans don't have their own problems to deal with?! You honestly think that they are so bad off that they'll welcome these psychotic fucking freaks into their own borders with open fucking arms for a  mere  price of $50,000?!   WHAT ... THE ... FUCK ?!  Screw you Kay; how about we toss these fuckers into YOUR HOUSE and you can babysit these freaks? There, that will give you something to talk about. Shithead.  Another thing was a caller name "Grace" who had a problem with her 14-year-old daughter's friends in school; supposedly some of them were engaging in questionable activities such as self-mutilation, scarification and whatnot. Religion aside, the parents of the 14-year-olds who are engaging in self-mutilation and scarification should be notified of this behavior so that they can take their kids to a hospital and/or send them to a psychologist. Kids who do that are more often than not looking for attention; if their parents are oblivious to the situation but YOU notice it, tell their parents! Anyway, she was going off on how she was worried over her own daughter; she doubted that her daughter would "go down the same path as these girls" but she didn't know what to do. In her view, the parents weren't doing anything about their children and the school was "turning a blind eye" to what was going on. Savage chimed in with some sort of religious thing that Grace should teach her daughter that there are bad people in this world who would lead her astray. One comment caught my attention: "It all starts with the black nailpolish; then the black lipstick." He told this Grace that if her daughter ever came to the house with "bad clothing" that she should tell her daughter that it is bad clothing and then throw it in the fireplace.   OOOOooooh so scary; damn I'm stupid. It's all about that  black nailpolish  -- I'm EEEEEEeeeeeviL!   Anyway, according to his logic, I'm one of the "bad people that will lead you astray" because I favor black nailpolish, makeup, clothing and whatnot. Of course, I used to wear my gothic dresses and black  all the time  so OBVIOUSLY my soul is rotten and I am a part of the "Columbine for the Soul" demographic. Heh. I wonder what he would say if someone actually brought up goths? I'd hate to tune in and hear THAT commentary; I'd probably get into an accident yelling back at the radio in my car.  Remind me to break out my old Gothic dresses and clean them; I want to remember what being EEEEEEEEEeeeeeeviL was like.