           Broken Radios...    My car radio is broken; it likes to toy with me and work... some  of the time. Now it has decided that it will only allow me to listen to AM stations. Whee! Talk radio. When this happened before, I suddenly found myself addicted to   1010 WINS  and   WCBS 880 ; now my latest addiction is   770 WABC  which is home to many interesting people whom you might be familiar with: Matt Drudge [yes,   that     Matt Drudge !], Sean Hannity [yes,   that     Sean Hannity !], Richard Bey [anyone else remember the   Richard Bey Show ? heh!   Jerry ,  bow down  to the man who paved the way for you and allowed your show to become popular.]   Lynn Samuels ,  Mike Savage and Paul Harvey [yay!]. Anyway,  I'm driving along listening to Mr. Hannity's show [he talks about seemingly random things that happen -- however the man scares me half the time...he is so long-winded, I swear he doesn't even pause long enough to  breathe ! I  wish  I was able to do that...Lucky, lucky...] and the small newsbreaks are hilarious [yay for the Hillbilly News!] and today he had a wide variety of topics to discuss. Prevalent was the mailbox pipe-bomber incident; he was reading the kid's bio and for some reason, it included the fact that the kid loved Nirvana and Kurt Cobain and also had his own   punk-rock band . Interesting; the feeling I got from this was as if the people who wrote up this psychopath's bio were saying, "Hey, watch out! If your kids like this kind of music, they might be crazy too!" Heh. Another part of the news focused on the fact that "Kids who get body piercings are more apt to engage in deviant behavior". Ooooh, wow. Piercings have taken over the blame for tattoos; I love this country. Yet he interrupted his own program with the newsflash of yet another suicide bomber in Israel; this time it was happening at the exact same time as Ariel and the Prez were in discussions. I hate to say it, but was anyone truly surprised? I know I wasn't; it's sad to think that these fuckers are still running around blowing themselves up and kililng innocent people.I don't remember if Hannity made the point [or one of his callers did] that this also happened after Arafat was released from his "imprisonment".  I think it's just too bad these fuckers didn't just strap on explosives and blow themselves up in their own backyards. It would give them satisfaction and rid their stupidity from the gene pool.   Something else caught my attention, but I don't think it was brought up on Hannity's show; I believe it was on Savage's show [but I could be wrong] that brought up the topic that Bush had some sort of stance that the   22nd Amendment  should be done away with?  Anyone out there in the Blogosphere care to explain that one to me? I unfortunately only caught a snippet since the radio decided to screw with me and started turning itself off and I could only get every other word...  Thanks.