           Damn You Brderbund...    When I was younger, we had very few educational-yet-fun computer programs in school; "The Oregon Trail" was one of them, but the other...  The other was so cool I used to try to figure out different ways to race down to the complab and grab it off the shelf before anyone else did:     "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?"    Damn, I loved playing every minute of that damn game; I remember telling my dad about the game and getting it for my birthday. I was the happiest girl ever! Carmen Sandiego kicked ass and looked good doing it too; she always wore a  red  trenchcoat and a  red  fedora that covered her eyes but allowed that gleeful smirk to show. She stole the coolest things and knew she was just  that damn good ; good enough that she decided to entertain herself by dropping hints and clues as to where she was going next in the world, deriving her fun from knowing that she was  always  just one step ahead of the cops. She had a cat too, but even in the face of all this cool stuff was something else that endeared her to me...  She had  black  hair, like me.   You see, not that many games had black-haired chicks in them, let alone as the main character. I liked Carmen; I liked the fact that even though she was supposedly "the bad guy" and stole all these seemingly random things,  she  was the  leader  of her crew and was smart enough to leave clues and play games to keep herself entertained. I never did wind up catching her; call me crazy, but I had way too much respect for a fellow black-haired chick...Even though she was only digital.   Carmen was so cool, she had her own live game show [yes, I was a geek and watched it! YAY Rockapella! LMAO...] and even starred in her own cartoon...But now, a new "improved" Carmen is endearing herself to a new generation of educational-computer-gaming kids and she's  different ...  She  now  has  brownish-blonde  hair.  Maybe I'm just a sentimental dumbass, but I don't know if I'd get into the game  now  if I was a kid...I mean it was one hell of a fun game, but Carmen's black hair was the coolest thing for me.   Whatever. I think it's time for bed anyway...  I hate you Brderbund executives.