           Hrrrm...    I talk to my friends all the time about random shit; this time it was about my surgery. I was kinda harping over this kid in my school who   constantly   asks me the same questions  every damned day , concerned over my vision: "How are your eyes doing? Can you still see? Are they still itchy and dry?"  I'm sure he means well, but most of the time I just want to grab him by the neck, shake him, strangle him and say, "I'M FUCKING FINE!! SHUT UP!!" Ah well. There are mornings when I wake up searching for my glasses; usually those are the mornings after I have a particularly realistic dream about the past and in those few fuzzy moments between true wakefulness and sleep, I somehow forget that the surgery ever took place.   It's odd really. If you told me a few years ago that I would undergo LASIK surgery and run around without glasses, I would have laughed in your face and called you one  stupid  motherfucker who should lay off the crack for a while. (Dumbass.) Heh! My eyes were [and  still are ] my most important obsession. After all, it took me 16 years to swallow the fear of putting eyedrops in my eyes and 2 more years after that to learn to do it myself with out  having my family members pinning me and forcing the drops in my eyes. I remember the day my ophthalmologist suggested contact lenses for me; he tried putting in the trial versions into my eyes and my scream of pure terror was heard two offices over. I honestly don't know what possessed me and give me the courage to undergo the surgery but I  do  know what propelled me to consider it. Trust me, after 13 years of suffering through the different stages of lenses [the thick coke-bottle  true glass  lenses from when I  first  got them to my last pair that were made of the lightweight teflon-type stuff that were  still  pretty damn thick] and being so damn myopic that your face  literally  had to be about 5 inches away from mine before it would be in focus...Being able to see clearly  without  glasses is pretty fucking awesome. And while this may sound ridiculous, I'm saving a hell of a lot of money in the long run by having undergone the surgery; no more buying $300 glasses every damn year [or twice/thrice a year, depending on how bad the frames were damaged since I had a habit of breaking frames randomly]. Yet, there are days where I kinda miss those damn frames on my face, if only for the extra respect they generated. I'm starting to realize that people tended to take me more seriously and actually  listened  to what I had to say when I had glasses. Sucks, but that was quite possibly the  one  perk of wearing them; you reap the benefits of the preconceived notion that "only supremely intelligent people wear glasses". I know I am an intelligent person, yet I know that I'm not going to be winning any Pulitzers or Nobel Peace Prizes or discovering the secrets of the universe. But, I can hold a decent conversation, puzzle through difficult ideas and learn new things. So what if I don't have my glasses anymore? Am I not that believable, respectable without them? Did my I.Q. suddenly take a nosedive when the LASIK laser first cut that flap of cornea and started making corrections on my eyeball? I don't think so, yet there are times where I'm sorely tempted to take my old frames and replace my old prescription lenses with plain glass ones just to reap the benefits of the geeky stereotype. Heh. Let me join the ranks of the EmoCore kids who do the same damn thing. What was that old saying? "95% of Emo Kids DON'T Need Their Glasses!" If I remember correctly, that's even the title of a song. Hah!   Ah well. I think I might do it anyway just for those days where I wake up and feel the need to feel the weight of frames on my nose. After all, I spent a damn pretty penny on my last pair of frames and only wore them for about 4 months...Might as well get SOME use out of them.  Damn nostalgia. Heh.   Never in a million years did I think I'd say that...      Weird.       Note: This was posted earlier but somehow it got messed up. Luckily I had a backup copy of what I had written.