           This is just so damn sad.    What happens when humor just whizzes by people's heads?   Stephen knows.  Such is the problem when your sense of humor runs on the dry side; most people understand the sublte facetious remarks that pepper his writings. Then again, some people will just never get it:   One of the problems, I guess, is that sometimes what I write is deadly serious but sometimes what I'm writing is intended to be light and humorous. But my humor is subtle and dry, and occasionally someone misses what I'm trying to do. Sometimes I'm trying to make a point, but sometimes I'm just trying to be entertaining.    I know I'm not the only one who gets it; there's a ton of people out there who read his writings and laugh right along with it. I know that maybe   my response  to his   original bikini post  may have sounded harsh, but what do you want me to do? Change my reaction to tailor your needs? Hell no. I'm not gonna change for anyone. My reaction is based on my personal experiences with the struggle of the image of beauty that I know other women out there also are dealing with. If I reached at least one of my fellow women out there and made her think about this shit seriously and made her feel a little better knowing that she wasn't alone, then I feel damn good. That's half the battle; when you know you're not alone you feel a little better knowing that and you start to gain a little more strength and trust to deal with what was given to you. His post made me think of this shit myself and forced me to look over why it's so hard to deal with. But you know what? I never lost track that he was being facetious. Some of the things mixed in were semi-serious [his view on the whole feminist movement] but even  that  was presented in a comical way. That's the trouble with subtlety; most people get it, some people don't. I'm sure if you  heard  him  saying  these thngs, you'd have no problem picking up on it.  Oh come on, how could you read the first line of his bikini post and  not see  that he was being silly?  " The string bikini has to be the greatest invention in the history of Western Civilization. " LOL!  I read that  now  and it  still  makes me laugh. Ah well. I guess I'll just blame it on my fucked up sense of humor.  As for his follow-up post containing all the pictures? It proved one of my points in my original response nicely and being that it was the same point he was trying to make, it illustrated that point nicely as well.   You just can't please everyone these days. And you know what? Who gives a shit. Stephen? Don't change your style, it's damn good. If some people can't get it, oh well...Their loss.   Whatever.