           Porn.      For those of you who are faint of heart, you should leave now. I really have no desire to answer your nasty emails and deal with that shit today.  For the rest of you who can actually take this with a grain of salt and laugh along with me...Read on.    Do I have your attention now? Hrrrrrmm? Hey... HEY!!!  Where ya going? Come back to the monitor!!! At least for a little while...  I know, I know; just the mention of it makes you want to head on over to your secret hiding spot where you keep your stuff hidden from the wife/lover/girlfriend/sig.other/etc/whatever, pick our your favorite tape and wander over to the VCR for some...quality time...with yourself, but bear with me a moment. Okokok! I understand you're looking at the monitor and your mouse hand is itching to start clicking around for some new porn to download now that the word is burning in your head, but come on. Five minutes and then you can go visit your favorite sites or laugh over what   Stile  has decided to post today. Maybe you can help me puzzle through the strangeness of the male world.  What is it about porn that keeps men coming back?  Besides  the obvious, silly...  I figured I'd take a little trip down this road and see what it's all about. Might as well take advantage of my somewhat privileged situation, being the fact that some of my male friends have decided that I'm one of them and therefore entitled to see the "weird porn" that they share with each other; I decided to take a look and see what makes it interesting/exciting/weird/ohmygod!/whatever. Some practices I just don't think I'll ever understand...Things like bukake [sp? ...Actually, on second thought,  don't bother  correcting me, I really  don't  want to know], golden showers, things involving fecal matter, deep s&m with bloodletting/scarification/etc/whatnot...I don't understand it and I just don't get how that can turn some men on. It sickens me. However, some of the "normal" hardcore stuff just makes me laugh. Most of the time I watch these chicks do their thing and I just have to shake my head and laugh; half the time they're bored... and it shows !! I find myself going Mystery Science Theater on these movies just because it's so  easy  to...The other parts of the time I find myself tilting my head to one side in complete bafflement, going, "You can  do  that!? Holy shit! Damn, I never knew you can get screwed all twisted up like a pretzel...Weird." It makes me think that you have to go through some sort of gymnastics training in order to become a starlet. It's one of those head-scritching moments of, "Huh? Whaa---?! Whoa, check please!" I guess there's a voyeur in all of us that finds this stuff fascinating.   I'm assuming it's about power too. Bukake is all about power in the extreme [*shudder*], although some of the more common practices that I've seen are the usual 1.)  all-over-the-chick's face OR 2.) all-over-her-breasts/vagina type deals. Ewww; messy and sticky and on your face; that's  got  to be uncomfortable. Ick. And what  is  the male fascination with sticking a large member in the out hole? [Yes, actually, I do understand a few of the pros, but the cons are numerous as well...] Every single one of the videos has at least one scene with [sorry, gotta be crude here] assfucking. Explain to me the difference between a male sticking his member up another male's ass and a male sticking his member up a female's ass? I don't get it. It's still an ass! ...But if you do the former you're   the horror!   "so gay" but if you do the latter you're praised beyond belief. Let me reiterate here:  It's an ass!  Apparently my views on the ass differs from the rest of the world's; I know what I do with my ass. I shit with it, I sit on it; you know, things of that nature. But I guess the promise of another tight orifice just too much to bear even knowing full well that nasty things come out of it. Another practice having to do with power is S&M. I don't mind the lighter, bondage side of S&M; it looks interesting. Something about tasting both sides of the power issue is beautiful. To be able to trust your partner enough that you will willingly submit to them and then another day have them willingly submit to you when you're the one in control of what goes on...I have no problems with that. However the deeper parts of S&M scare the hell out of me. Getting whipped is one thing; getting whipped so hard that you've got blood dripping down your back in rivulets and have scars from every encounter is another. I've also seen things like blood-letting and carvings; not pretty, but I guess some people get off on this. The whole pain=pleasure equation. *shudder* Not me; it freaks me out and whenever I see that, I feel like calling the ambulance.  And everyone has their favorites; types of movies, starlets, etc. From my experience, hardcore porn and hardcore "amateur hour" are the favorite types of movies. Jenna Jameson is the favorite of the person I normally talk to about this stuff with. [He's the only one that won't laugh at me or look at me funny when we talk about this shit and...surprise, surprise!...he takes me seriously. Weird. You would think more males would be interested in discussing their favorite...erm...hobby, yeah that's it...with a female but... *shrug* Whatever. At least lunchtime conversations are never boring.] I asked him, "Besides the obvious, why do you like Jenna so much?" His reply? "She moans well. She's the best at it; women should watch her and learn. I could be looking at a blank screen and know its her just by the sounds; it turns me on." Interesing. Not exactly the response I was expecting, but it's what I got. Weirdness. When I asked if what would happen if she dyed her hair he said, "Fuck no! It wouldn't be Jenna without the blonde! It's just not the same!!" So I'm assuming that moaning is Jenna's trademark, right along with her platinum blonde hair. [No, I'm not gonna go into her other obvious endowments. That's pretty much a given.] I have yet to see her in a full-fledged movie, but eventually I will just to see what all the fuss is about. Another platinum blonde who has remained popular [despite her "older" startlet status] is Shay Sweet; from what I'm told, one of her charms is her pigtailed schoolgirl type videos. One last blonde discussed was Amber Michaels, although after seeing her pictures, I'm not sure what the deal is with her. I'm not down with the blonde chicks; there's just too many of them out there. Another favorite blonde that was discussed was a woman by the name of Briana Banks. Apparently she's one of the older starlets, but still a favorite. Then the discussion turned to darker haired chicks; I figured, if I'm gonna be watching this shit, at least gimme some names of chicks that had darker hair. He rambled them off with no problem: Tera Patrick. Aria Giovanni. Gauge. Others too, but I don't remember them. [Luckily Stile had pictures of these chicks so I could see who the hell he was talking about.] Ok, I can understand why these chicks were worthy of watching. But as I looked over some of the pictures, I had the desire to use them as models in my photography work; they would be very useful as subjects...Like that would ever happen. Ah well.   So even with the fakeness of it all and watching a few of the movies, I'm still kinda lost as to what makes it all so appealing. I guess it's just a guy thing that I will never understand...However one lesson that was reinforced to me was: never formulate an opinion on something until you actually observe it.   I'll try almost anything once.  Heh.