         ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH  Well that sucked. I had all  these nice stories and rants to post on my blog and the past 6 times for some reason they didn't want to post. WTF!? I guess maybe someone's trying to tell me something.   Heh.  Well, that's not gonna stop me from my usual ranting...So without further ado...   ;)  WE WON THE DEBATE!!!!!!!!! WOO HOO!!! I  knew  we were gonna win; we were prepared, we answered the questions, we we able to switch tracks and argue any and all the points they brought up...it was great!  That, and I really love the 5 extra points on my final grade. }:)  Well, registration for next semester started...and I'm still without a damn schedule. I brought a color-coded copy of my Academic Progress Report and showed it to my Dean...it was beautiful and easy to read. Blue for courses I've already taken, yellow for courses I am enrolled in currently and pink for questionable courses. "Questionable courses" being courses still on my sheet that I knew weren't in the curriculum anymore. It was kind of disheartening to watch him look it over and mutter things like, "What the hell were they thinking?", "Why is  this  on here?", "They  really  fucked up your sheet." So anyway, he re-labels things, switches things around and tells me what I  should  be taking next semester and sends me on my way. Normally it is  difficult  to create a schedule, but with a little creativity, some mish-mashing and 20 spare minutes, I can usually pull something together.  This  time around, however it is PURE HELL. I have tried  everything  to concoct a schedule using the recommended courses; no matter what I do, I can only feasibly schedule three of the classes nicely...the other two overlap. Now, unless I somehow get two of the professors to work with me as an Independent Study, this might work...but since  no one  in this school seems to be able to grasp the concept of an Independent Study, I doubt this will happen. God I   HATE   block scheduling. If you don't fit perfectly into one of the blocks it's "too bad, so sad, you're screwed." After an hour spent trying to make this work, I gave up and attempted to create a schedule using my normal means. Still...nothing fits. This is  ridiculous ...and I'm still without a damn schedule.  Finals next week. Those are always fun.   I'm pretty confident though; the only class that's really worrying me is C++. Oh well, what can you do...Hopefully he'll only cover structs and pointers...then I might actually pass...*snarl*. I want to hate that professor so badly but I can't...it's not his fault he can't teach. He's so oblivious to the fact that the rest of us don't understand a word he's saying...I wish Nagel was teaching this course. I know that by now I would have had a good handle on the concepts. Nagel uses the overhead projectors and creates the program from scratch in front of you and explains what each line of code does as he types it in: that was wonderful. You saw the line of code, he ran the program to show you that it worked and voila! You actually understood what the man was talking about. This one however...no good. No good at all. And apparently every semester students complain about his methods, that he can not  teach...and yet the man is  still here , teaching. Just goes to show you that those "student evaluations" questionnaires that we fill out every semester aren't worth crap.  ARRRGH. This is just rifuckingdiculous.