           Follow-Up...    Since Stephen decided to write a   follow-up post  to his   original one , I feel the need to write one as well.   All I have to say is I'll agree that yeah, it's all about the entertainment industry. They're the ones who overflow the senses with their superstars whose bodies fill the [again, don't quote me because I don't have the exact figure] last 10% of the body type spectrum. Men see this and say, "I want one." Women see this and say, "If I was like that I would be happy because then men would want me." Few actually go down Stephen's way of thinking and see the positive of every woman they see on the street; they continue to look for a Maxim girl. We all can't be Maxim girls; half of the time they don't look that good either! As he pointed out, they have a myriad of attendees during a photoshoot, constantly touching up their faces and bodies, fixing this and overlooking that, who work with the wardrobe people in order to flatter every good feature possible to draw your attention away from the flaws. If she doesn't have big enough breasts? A WonderBra works miracles, as does the right camera angle. Her neck is too long? Put a long necklace on her [because that leads your eye away from her face and neck] and/or fix her hair to frame her face to make sure your eyes stay there. And if the right look  still  isn't acheived after all that? There's still time to airbrush the picture before it goes into print. Such is what you learn in modeling school; while that was almost 10 years ago for me, I believe it is still the practice used today. [Although if someone out there knows it's different, let me know.] Yes, it is one big production, but they still have something great to work with; these women fit the beauty mold. Their bodies are slim and their faces are still good looking; even without the makeup.  Well, I'm gonna stop here for now, being that I started this post at around 8 am and it's already 10:30...  I'll add on more as the day progresses.  :)