           Walking the line...    Another good post by   Stephen ; he always makes you  think . The question posed is: " Do you prefer unpleasant truths or pleasing falsehoods? "  -- The age old pessimist vs. optimist in a different light with extra adjectives tacked on; pessimist/ realist  vs. optimistic/ idealist . I'll start on that in a moment, but first...This quote sparked a thought and awakened something in my consciousness:   Going too far in the direction of optimism leads to delusion. Most people recognize that sometimes at least it is necessary to accept that bad things happen, that the universe is not ideal. In practice, this isn't an either-or decision for most people so much as a matter of degree. But the degree is indeed the thing, and it affects how we set goals in life.   YES! There are degrees to everything in life; hell, even  life itself  has a degree. To what degree to you live your life? The degree is a measure of  potential  and depending on what level you are operating on depends on whether you fulfill your potential as a human being. The level of potential within each person is dynamic, ever-changing but the ultimate human-being potential itself is static and stratified. You can do what you will with your degree as it is your decision as to what level you want to live your life. Some people refuse to move beyond the first few levels and remain animalistic, giving into their basic instinctual tendencies, ignoring their human intellectual side and usually bringing out the worst of human behavior. Others strive for the top levels and delve into their intellect, ignoring the human instinctual side tapping the vein of pure intellectual thought and ideas. Normal everyday people walk the middle ground daily, tapping into each side as needed and not giving any thought to what is neccessary beyond everyday life.  -------  Now, I started this post at around midnight and I would continue, but I got into a long discussion with a friend of mine debating potential and other things so I think I'll end here and pick up where I left off tomorrow after classes.   These 4 am wake up calls are killing me. Grr.