           Right now    I'm taking a break from   painting my minis  and have decided to look over something that   CNN's TalkBack Live  brought up for discussion during its broadcast time;   Operation TIPS . It's basically a volunteer-based program of normal people working normal jobs (postal workers, service people such as cable- and phone-workers/installers) who can basically take a look around your house while on the job and then call an 800 number to call if something looks suspicious and can report it as possible terrorism. Most people who called in to the show (as well as audience members) were appalled by this: many wondered what would be labeled "suspicious" and many were worried about other implications. One self-described Muslim-American woman was worried that someone would come into her home, see her religious items and then report it as possible terrorism. Another female caller said that she did a lot of catalogue shopping and that as a result, her name and address were sold off to catalogue companies that she never signed up for (such as handgun catalogues and pornography-type catalogues). She just normally throws these types of catalogues in the trash and now worries that the postal workers who see this coming to her address would be able to call in and report her.   The main concern was the lack of information that was provided about the program: the information called in would be placed in a database, but who would be able to access it? What would happen if the information was proven to be false? Would it be deleted? Who would manage this? Who will be in charge? Will these people be trained to obeserve or just go by their own instincts?   WaPo also has its doubts :  From the sketchy descriptions of the program so far, it is impossible to determine with any precision what the government is intending.    I'm not sure how to take this. On one hand, it's good to keep an eye out for weird practices, strange behavior and items that look suspicious, but on the other, what happens if people decide to take advantage of this? As in: "Oh yeah, my neighbor, Smith...Man, I hate how he doesn't take care of his house. He bugs me. I think I'll call in this hotline and report something on him and get the officials on his case. Hah!"  Weird. I think I'd want more information on this idea of theirs before making a decision.  Yet, my instinctual reaction to this whole thing is: NO!