           "There is a State of Emergency in Paraguay!!"    That was what my mom was yelling from across the house last night after she had hung up the phone. Her cousin in Argentina had called to tell her that something big was going down in Paraguay; according to Argentinian television reports, there was rioting against the President that left 10 people dead in the streets. For the first time, my dad tuned into the Spanish-speaking channel to see if there was any coverage since there was nothing on the normal news channels. Once something came up, he started yelling for the both of us to come and watch -- UniVision reported 13 rioters dead but didn't really explain what was going on. Me (being me) decided to see what I could scrounge up over the internet; I found  3  articles...  ABC News ,   Las Vegas Sun , and (oddly enough)   Yahoo! News . (Sadly, I got more information from the Yahoo! News source than the other two...Heh. The actual article can be   found here .)  From what I have read, the rioting is against the economic policies that President Gonzalez Macchi has implemented as well as "corruption scandals" that have been going on. The government blames Lino Oveido (a man suspected of 3 coup attempts since 1996 and whom popular opinion as well as the gov't also holds responsible for the murder of once-VP Luis Argaa -- he has since been living in exile in Brazil so as not to be jailed) for stirring up this trouble and adding to the people's unrest. (Strangely enough,   UPI reports  that rioters are calling for Oveido to return to Paraguay.) Being that Paraguay is bordered by Argentina to the south/southwest (whose economy has already been flushed down the toilet) and Brazil to the northeast (apparently,  their  economy is moving towards the toilet) it's no real wonder that its own economy is starting to fall.   However, being a transplanted Paraguayan, I don't know all the facts. I have to go by heresay and secondary information (which, of course, isn't as accurate as firsthand info.) from news websites (today's crop:   CNN World ,   NY Times ,   Las Vegas Sun  and   ABC ). Knowing what I know about my country of birth, there's a shitload more than meets the eye on this one; just like everywhere else, politicians like to weave their tangled webs of manipulations and whatnot. (If you can read Spanish, I'd suggest heading over to to read   UniVision's take on matters . It goes a little bit more in-depth than the rest of the other articles being that...well...How many other English-speaking people do you know would be interested in the goings-on of Paraguay? Anyway, there's also a   members forum  where people can discuss the crisis. Interesting to read.)  So that's that. IF you want more information on Paraguay, feel free to visit:    Paraguay.com   (Never knew  this  existed!!!! AAAAHH!!!! Thanks guys...Blogging works in mysterious ways...)    CIA, The World Factbook: Paraguay    U.S. Embassy: Paraguay    Lonely Planet: Paraguay   Also, for a nice map of Paraguay please   click here for CNN's map .